What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	The nickel , in American usage , is a five- cent coin issued by the United States Mint .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	Composed of 75 % copper and 25 % nickel , the piece has been struck since 1866 .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	The silver half dime , equal to five cents , had been issued since the 1790s .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	The American Civil War caused economic hardship , driving gold and silver from circulation ; in response , in place of low-value coins , the government at first issued paper currency .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	In 1865 , Congress abolished the five-cent fractional currency note after Spencer M. Clark , head of the Currency Bureau ( today the Bureau of Engraving and Printing ) , placed his own portrait on the denomination .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	After successful introduction of two-cent and three-cent pieces , without precious metal , Congress also authorized a five-cent piece consisting of base metal ; the Mint began striking this version in 1866 .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	The initial design of the Shield nickel was struck until 1883 , then replaced by the Liberty Head nickel .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	The Buffalo nickel was introduced in 1913 as part of a drive to increase the beauty of American coinage ; in 1938 , the Jefferson nickel followed .	1
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	In 2004 and 2005 , special designs in honor of the bicentennial of the Lewis and Clark Expedition were issued .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	In 2006 , the Mint reverted to using Jefferson nickel designer Felix Schlag 's original reverse ( or `` tails '' side ) , although a new obverse , by Jamie Franki , was substituted .	0
What U.S. President 's head has been featured on the nickel ( five-cent coin ) since 1938 ?	As of 2013 , it costs more than eleven cents to produce a nickel ; the Mint is exploring the possibility of reducing cost by using less expensive metals .	0
what is melissa and joey about	Melissa & Joey is an ABC Family original television series starring Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence .	0
what is melissa and joey about	It first aired on ABC Family on August 17 , 2010 .	0
what is melissa and joey about	The series follows local politician Mel Burke ( Melissa Joan Hart ) and Joe Longo ( Joey Lawrence ) , whom Mel hires to look after her niece and nephew after a Ponzi scheme leaves him broke .	1
what is melissa and joey about	The series was renewed by ABC Family for a second season of fifteen episodes , which began airing on May 30 , 2012 and ended on August 29 , 2012 .	0
what is melissa and joey about	Melissa & Joey ranks as cable TV 's # 1 telecast at 8 o'clock across target audiences 18–34 , 18–49 and 12–34 demographics .	0
what is melissa and joey about	On August 17 , 2012 , ABC Family renewed Melissa & Joey for a third season , set to premiere in spring 2013 .	0
what is a dogs classification	The domestic dog ( Canis lupus familiaris ) is a subspecies of the gray wolf ( Canis lupus ) , a member of the Canidae family of the mammalian order Carnivora .	1
what is a dogs classification	The term `` domestic dog '' is generally used for both domesticated and feral varieties .	0
what is a dogs classification	The dog has been the first animal to be domesticated and has been the most widely kept working , hunting , and pet animal in human history .	0
what is a dogs classification	The word `` dog '' may also mean the male of a canine species , as opposed to the word `` bitch '' for the female of the species .	0
what is a dogs classification	MtDNA evidence shows an evolutionary split between the modern dog 's lineage and the modern wolf 's lineage around 100,000 years ago but , , the oldest fossil specimens genetically linked to the modern dog 's lineage date to approximately 33,000-36,000 years ago .	0
what is a dogs classification	Dogs ' value to early human hunter-gatherers led to them quickly becoming ubiquitous across world cultures .	0
what is a dogs classification	Dogs perform many roles for people , such as hunting , herding , pulling loads , protection , assisting police and military , companionship , and , more recently , aiding handicapped individuals .	0
what is a dogs classification	This impact on human society has given them the nickname `` Man 's Best Friend '' in the Western world .	0
what is a dogs classification	In some cultures , dogs are also a source of meat .	0
what is a dogs classification	In 2001 , there were estimated to be 400 million dogs in the world .	0
what is a dogs classification	Most breeds of dogs are at most a few hundred years old , having been artificially selected for particular morphologies and behaviors by people for specific functional roles .	0
what is a dogs classification	Through this selective breeding , the dog has developed into hundreds of varied breeds , and shows more behavioral and morphological variation than any other land mammal .	0
what is a dogs classification	For example , height measured to the withers ranges from in the Chihuahua to about in the Irish Wolfhound ; color varies from white through grays ( usually called `` blue '' ) to black , and browns from light ( tan ) to dark ( `` red '' or `` chocolate '' ) in a wide variation of patterns ; coats can be short or long , coarse-haired to wool-like , straight , curly , or smooth .	0
what is a dogs classification	It is common for most breeds to shed this coat .	0
when is it memorial day	Memorial Day is a United States federal holiday which occurs every year on the final Monday of May .	1
when is it memorial day	Memorial Day is a day of remembering the men and women who died while serving in the United States Armed Forces .	0
when is it memorial day	Formerly known as Decoration Day , it originated after the American Civil War to commemorate the Union and Confederate soldiers who died in the Civil War .	0
when is it memorial day	By the 20th century Memorial Day had been extended to honor all Americans who have died in all wars .	0
when is it memorial day	It typically marks the start of the summer vacation season , while Labor Day marks its end .	0
when is it memorial day	Many people visit cemeteries and memorials , particularly to honor those who have died in military service .	0
when is it memorial day	Many volunteers place an American flag on each grave in national cemeteries .	0
when is it memorial day	By the early 20th century , Memorial Day was an occasion for more general expressions of memory , as people visited the graves of their deceased relatives in church cemeteries , whether they had served in the military or not .	0
when is it memorial day	It also became a long weekend increasingly devoted to shopping , family gatherings , fireworks , trips to the beach , and national media events .	0
when is it memorial day	Annual Decoration Days for particular cemeteries are held on a Sunday in late spring or early summer in some rural areas of the American South , notably in the mountains .	0
when is it memorial day	In cases involving a family graveyard where remote ancestors as well as those who were deceased more recently are buried , this may take on the character of an extended family reunion to which some people travel hundreds of miles .	0
when is it memorial day	People gather on the designated day and put flowers on graves and renew contacts with kinfolk and others .	0
when is it memorial day	There often is a religious service and a `` dinner on the ground , '' the traditional term for a potluck meal in which people used to spread the dishes out on sheets or tablecloths on the grass .	0
when is it memorial day	It is believed that this practice began before the American Civil War and thus may reflect the real origin of the `` memorial day '' idea .	0
when is it memorial day	Memorial Day is not to be confused with Veterans Day ; Memorial Day is a day of remembering the men and women who died while serving , while Veterans Day celebrates the service of all U.S. military veterans , living or dead .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	The following is a list of sovereign states and territories where English is an official language or language of government .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	In 2012 , there were 88 states in total ( 60 sovereign states and 28 non-sovereign states ) .	1
how many countries have english as an official language	In many countries English is the dominant language , but does not have official status .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	In Australia , English is spoken by the vast majority of the population and is the only language used in government institutions , but Australia does not have an official language .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	The case is the same in the United Kingdom and the United States , though many states and regions within the U.S. do have English as an official language .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	English is the dominant language of New Zealand and an official language of Canada ( along with French ) , India ( along with Hindi and several other languages ) , Ireland ( along with Irish ) , and the Philippines ( along with Tagalog ) .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	English is the sole official language of the Commonwealth of Nations and the Commonwealth Games .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	English is one of the official languages of the United Nations , the European Union and the International Olympic Committee .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	Many of these countries are current or former colonies or dependencies of the United Kingdom ( see also British Empire ) , or of the United States , itself a former colony of the UK .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	Notable exceptions include Rwanda , which was a former Belgian colony and Eritrea , which was an Italian colony where the British Empire spanned its control only in World War II and shortly after ( 1941-1952 ) .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	India 's linguistic picture is complex .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	According to the Constitution of India , `` Hindi in the Devanagari script '' is the official language of the union ; and English the 'subsidiary official language ' ; however , English is mandated for the authoritative texts of all federal laws and Supreme Court decisions and ( along with Hindi ) is one of the two languages of the Indian Parliament .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	English is used almost exclusively for higher education , business and science .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	Courses in majority of the schools are taught exclusively in English .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	English is extensively used for administrative purposes in India .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	India is the second-largest English-speaking country in the world by number of speakers , after the United States .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	As such , many consider English to be the de facto official language of India .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	See Official languages of India .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	The linguistic makeup of Pakistan is similarly complex .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	While the national language is Urdu , English is an official language and used in business , government and law .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	English is a compulsory language in schools .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	All school courses are taught in English .	0
how many countries have english as an official language	Pakistan is the 9th largest English-speaking country in the world by population .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The human lungs are the organs of respiration in humans .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Humans have two lungs , a right lung and a left lung .	1
how many lungs does a human have	The right lung consists of three lobes while the left lung is slightly smaller consisting of only two lobes ( the left lung has a `` cardiac notch '' allowing space for the heart within the chest ) .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Together , the lungs contain approximately of airways and 300 to 500 million alveoli , having a total surface area of about ( ) in adults — roughly the same area as one side of a tennis court .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Furthermore , if all of the capillaries that surround the alveoli were unwound and laid end to end , they would extend for about .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Each lung weighs , therefore making the entire organ about .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Human lungs	0
how many lungs does a human have	The trachea divides into two bronchi ( one for each side ) at the level of T4 .	0
how many lungs does a human have	This junction is also known as the carina .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone contains the trachea , the bronchi , the bronchioles , and the terminal bronchioles The respiratory zone contains the respiratory bronchioles , the alveolar ducts , and the alveoli .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone and the respiratory stuffers ( but not the alveoli ) are made up of airways .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone has no gas exchange with the blood , and is reinforced with cartilage in order to hold open the airways .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The conducting zone warms the air to and humidifies the air .	0
how many lungs does a human have	It also cleanses the air by removing particles via cilia located on the walls of all the passageways .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The lungs are surrounded by the rib cage .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The respiratory zone is the site of gas exchange with blood .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The sympathetic nervous system via noradrenaline acting on the beta receptors causes bronchodilation .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The parasympathetic nervous system via acetylcholine , which acts on the M-3 muscarinic receptors , maintains the resting tone of the bronchiolar smooth muscle .	0
how many lungs does a human have	This action is related , although considered distinct from bronchoconstriction .	0
how many lungs does a human have	Many other non-autonomic nervous and biochemical stimuli , including carbon dioxide and oxygen , are also involved in the regulation process .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The pleural cavity is the potential space between the parietal pleura , lining the inner wall of the thoracic cage , and the visceral pleura lining the lungs .	0
how many lungs does a human have	The lung parenchyma is strictly used to refer solely to alveolar tissue with respiratory bronchioles , alveolar ducts and terminal bronchioles .	0
how many lungs does a human have	However , it often includes any form of lung tissue , also including bronchioles , bronchi , blood vessels and lung interstitium .	0
how does a steam engine work	An 1817 Boulton & Watt beam blowing engine , used in Netherton at the ironworks of M W Grazebrook .	0
how does a steam engine work	Re-erected on the A38 ( M ) in Birmingham , UK	0
how does a steam engine work	A steam engine is a heat engine that performs mechanical work using steam as its working fluid .	1
how does a steam engine work	Using boiling water to produce mechanical motion goes back about 2,000 years , but early devices were not practical .	0
how does a steam engine work	Since the late 1700s steam engines have become a major source of mechanical power .	0
how does a steam engine work	The first applications were removing water from mines .	0
how does a steam engine work	In 1781 James Watt patented a steam engine that produced continuous rotative motion .	0
how does a steam engine work	These 10 hp engines enabled a wide range of manufacturing machinery to be powered .	0
how does a steam engine work	The engines could be sited anywhere that water and coal or wood fuel could be obtained .	0
how does a steam engine work	By 1883 , engines that could provide 10,000 hp had become feasible .	0
how does a steam engine work	Steam engines could also be applied to vehicles such as traction engines and the railway locomotives which are commonly just called steam engines outside America .	0
how does a steam engine work	The stationary steam engine was a key component of the Industrial Revolution , allowing factories to locate where water power was unavailable .	0
how does a steam engine work	Today steam turbines generate about 90 % of the electric power in the United States using a variety of heat sources .	0
how does a steam engine work	Steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products .	1
how does a steam engine work	Non-combustion heat sources such as solar power , nuclear power or geothermal energy may be used .	0
how does a steam engine work	The ideal thermodynamic cycle used to analyze this process is called the Rankine cycle .	0
how does a steam engine work	In the cycle , water is heated into steam in a boiler until it reaches a high pressure .	0
how does a steam engine work	When expanded through pistons or turbines , mechanical work is done .	0
how does a steam engine work	The reduced-pressure steam is then condensed and pumped back into the boiler .	0
how does a steam engine work	In general usage , the term steam engine can refer to either the integrated steam plants ( including boilers etc . ) such as railway steam locomotives and portable engines , or may refer to the piston or turbine machinery alone , as in the beam engine and stationary steam engine .	0
how does a steam engine work	Specialized devices such as steam hammers and steam pile drivers are dependent on steam supplied from a separate boiler .	0
how does a steam engine work	A mill engine from Stott Park Bobbin Mill , Cumbria , England	0
how does a steam engine work	A steam locomotive in Germany .This class of engine was built in 1942 – 1950 and operated commercially until 1988 .	0
what is human chorionic	In molecular biology , human chorionic gonadotropin ( hCG ) is a hormone produced by the fertilized egg after conception .	1
what is human chorionic	Later during pregnancy it is made by the developing placenta , and later by the placental component syncytiotrophoblast .	0
what is human chorionic	Some cancerous tumors produce this hormone ; therefore , elevated levels measured when the patient is not pregnant can lead to a cancer diagnosis .	0
what is human chorionic	However , it is not known whether this production is a contributing cause or an effect of tumorigenesis .	0
what is human chorionic	The pituitary analogue of hCG , known as luteinizing hormone ( LH ) , is produced in the pituitary gland of males and females of all ages .	0
what is human chorionic	, the FDA has prohibited the sale of `` homeopathic '' and over the counter hCG diet products and declared them fraudulent and illegal .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Health spending per capita , in $ US PPP-adjusted , with the US and Canada compared amongst other first world nations .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Comparison of the health care systems in Canada and the United States are often made by government , public health and public policy analysts .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The two countries had similar health care systems before Canada reformed its system in the 1960s and 1970s .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The United States spends much more money on health care than Canada , on both a per-capita basis and as a percentage of GDP .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	In 2006 , per-capita spending for health care in Canada was US $ 3,678 ; in the U.S. , US $ 6,714 .	1
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The U.S. spent 15.3 % of GDP on health care in that year ; Canada spent 10.0 % .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	In 2006 , 70 % of health care spending in Canada was financed by government , versus 46 % in the United States .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Total government spending per capita in the U.S. on health care was 23 % higher than Canadian government spending , and U.S. government expenditure on health care was just under 83 % of total Canadian spending ( public and private ) though these statistics do n't take into account population differences .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Studies have come to different conclusions about the result of this disparity in spending .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	A 2007 review of all studies comparing health outcomes in Canada and the US in a Canadian peer-reviewed medical journal found that `` health outcomes may be superior in patients cared for in Canada versus the United States , but differences are not consistent . ''	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Life expectancy is longer in Canada , and its infant mortality rate is lower than that of the U.S. , but there is debate about the underlying causes of these differences .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	One commonly cited comparison , the 2000 World Health Organization 's ratings of `` overall health service performance '' , which used a `` composite measure of achievement in the level of health , the distribution of health , the level of responsiveness and fairness of financial contribution '' , ranked Canada 30th and the US 37th among 191 member nations .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	This study rated the US `` responsiveness '' , or quality of service for individuals receiving treatment , as 1st , compared with 7th for Canada .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	While the average life expectancy for Canadians was 80.34 years compared with 78.6 years for residents of the US , simply comparing the life expectancy of two groups with different racial makeup and different obesity rates is likely not an effective way of determining which healthcare system is superior .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	The WHO 's study methods were criticized by some analyses .	0
how much does U.S. pay on health care per person	Although there is a measure of consensus that life-expectancy and infant mortality mark the most reliable ways to compare nation-wide health care , assuming the population makeup is similar , a recent report by the Congressional Research Service carefully summarizes some recent data and notes the `` difficult research issues '' facing international comparisons .	0
how many grape farms in united states	A wheat harvest in Idaho	0
how many grape farms in united states	This photo from a 1921 encyclopedia shows a tractor ploughing a crop field .	0
how many grape farms in united states	Agriculture is a major industry in the United States and the country is a net exporter of food .	0
how many grape farms in united states	As of the last census of agriculture in 2007 , there were 2.2 million farms , covering an area of , an average of per farm .	1
how many grape farms in united states	Although agricultural activity occurs in most states , it is particularly concentrated in the vast expanse of flat , arable land known as the Great Plains , which encompasses the central region of the nation .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico ( ; ; ) , officially the United Mexican States ( ) , is a federal constitutional republic in North America .	1
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	It is bordered on the north by the United States ; on the south and west by the Pacific Ocean ; on the southeast by Guatemala , Belize , and the Caribbean Sea ; and on the east by the Gulf of Mexico .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Covering almost two million square kilometres ( over 760,000 sq mi ) , Mexico is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent nation in the world .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	With an estimated population of over 113 million , it is the world 's eleventh most populous country and the most populous Spanish-speaking country .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico is a federation comprising thirty-one states and a Federal District , the capital city .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	In pre-Columbian Mexico many cultures matured into advanced civilizations such as the Olmec , the Toltec , the Teotihuacan , the Zapotec , the Maya and the Aztec before first contact with Europeans .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	In 1521 , Spain conquered and colonized the territory from its base in México-Tenochtitlan , which was administered as the Viceroyalty of New Spain .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	This territory would eventually become Mexico following recognition of the colony 's independence in 1821 .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	The post-independence period was characterized by economic instability , the Mexican-American War and territorial cession to the United States , a civil war , two empires and a domestic dictatorship .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	The latter led to the Mexican Revolution in 1910 , which culminated with the promulgation of the 1917 Constitution and the emergence of the country 's current political system .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Elections held in July 2000 marked the first time that an opposition party won the presidency from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Since 2006 the country has been in the midst of a drug war which has caused 60,000 deaths .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico has one of the world 's largest economies , and is considered both a regional power and middle power .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	In addition , Mexico was the first Latin American member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD ( since 1994 ) , and considered an upper-middle income country by the World Bank .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico is considered a newly industrialized country and an emerging power .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	It has the fourteenth largest nominal GDP and the eleventh largest GDP by purchasing power parity .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	The economy is strongly linked to those of its North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) partners , especially the United States of America .	0
WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN	Mexico ranks sixth in the world and first in the Americas by number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites with 31 , and in 2007 was the tenth most visited country in the world with 21.4 million international arrivals per year .	0
where is the great basin located on a us map	The Great Basin is the largest area of endorheic watersheds in North America .	0
where is the great basin located on a us map	It is noted for both its arid conditions and its Basin and range topography that varies from the North American low point at Badwater Basin to the highest point of the contiguous United States , less than away at the summit of Mount Whitney .	1
where is the great basin located on a us map	The region spans several physiographic divisions , biomes / ecoregions , and deserts .	0
when was the state of utah established	Utah ( or ) ( Arapaho : Wo'tééneihí ' ) is a state in the Western United States .	0
when was the state of utah established	It became the 45th state admitted to the Union on January 4 , 1896 .	1
when was the state of utah established	Utah is the 13th-largest , the 34th-most populous , and the 10th-least-densely populated of the 50 United States .	0
when was the state of utah established	Approximately 80 % of Utah 's 2,817,222 people live along the Wasatch Front , centering on Salt Lake City , leaving vast expanses of the state nearly uninhabited and making the population the sixth most urbanized in the U.S. Utah is bordered by Colorado on the east , Wyoming on the northeast , Idaho on the north , Arizona on the south , and Nevada on the west .	0
when was the state of utah established	It also touches a corner of New Mexico on the southeast .	0
when was the state of utah established	Utah is the most religiously homogeneous state in the Union .	0
when was the state of utah established	Approximately 63 % of Utahns are reported to be members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or LDS ( Mormons ) , which greatly influences Utah culture and daily life .	0
when was the state of utah established	The world headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) is located in Utah 's state capital .	0
when was the state of utah established	The state is a center of transportation , education , information technology and research , government services , mining , and a major tourist destination for outdoor recreation .	0
when was the state of utah established	According to the U.S. Census Bureau 's population estimates , Utah is the fifth fastest-growing state in the United States as of 2012 .	0
when was the state of utah established	St. George , was the fastest–growing metropolitan area in the United States from 2000 to 2005 .	0
when was the state of utah established	A 2012 Gallup national survey found Utah overall to be the `` best state to live in '' based on 13 forward-looking measurements including various economic , lifestyle , and health-related outlook metrics .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	Quidditch is a competitive sport in the wizarding world of the Harry Potter universe , and is from the series of children 's novels and movies .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	It is an extremely rough but very popular semi-contact sport , played by wizards and witches .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	Matches are played between two teams of seven players riding flying broomsticks , using four balls and six elevated ring-shaped goals , three on each side of the Quidditch pitch ( field ) .	1
what are the players in Quidditch ?	In the Harry Potter universe , Quidditch holds a fervent following similar to the position that association football holds as a globally popular sport .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	The sport is monumental throughout the wizarding world .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	Harry plays an important position for his house team at Hogwarts : he is the seeker and becomes the captain in his sixth year there .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	Regional and international competitions are mentioned throughout the series .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	In Goblet of Fire , Quidditch at Hogwarts is cancelled for the Tri-Wizard Tournament , but Harry and the Weasleys attend the Quidditch World Cup .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	In addition , Harry uses his Quidditch skills to capture a golden egg from a dragon called the Hungarian Horntail ( in the first task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament ) , to capture a flying key in Philosopher 's Stone , and on two key occasions in Deathly Hallows — getting hold of Ravenclaw 's Diadem , and during the final fight with Voldemort — the `` unerring skill of the Seeker '' is useful to him in snatching the Elder Wand out of the air .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	Harry Potter has owned two broomsticks , the Nimbus 2000 and the Firebolt , both of which are destroyed by the series ' end .	0
what are the players in Quidditch ?	The game has been adopted in the real world in the form of Muggle Quidditch .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Knuckle mnemonic for the number of days in each month of the Gregorian Calendar .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Each projecting knuckle represents a 31-day month .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	A mnemonic ( , with a silent `` m '' ) , or mnemonic device , is any learning technique that aids information retention .	1
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Mnemonics aim to translate information into a form that the human brain can retain better than its original form .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Even the process of applying this conversion might already aid the transfer of information to long-term memory .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Commonly encountered mnemonics are often for lists and in auditory form , such as short poems , acronyms , or memorable phrases , but mnemonics can also be for other types of information and in visual or kinesthetic forms .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Their use is based on the observation that the human mind more easily remembers spatial , personal , surprising , physical , sexual , humorous , or otherwise 'relatable ' information , rather than more abstract or impersonal forms of information .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	The word mnemonic is derived from the Ancient Greek word μνημονικός ( mnēmonikos ) , meaning `` of memory '' and is related to Mnemosyne ( `` remembrance '' ) , the name of the goddess of memory in Greek mythology .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Both of these words are derived from μνήμη ( mnēmē ) , `` remembrance , memory '' .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Mnemonics in antiquity were most often considered in the context of what is today known as the Art of memory .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Ancient Greeks and Romans distinguished between two types of memory : the 'natural ' memory and the 'artificial ' memory .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	The former is inborn , and is the one that everyone uses automatically and without thinking .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	The artificial memory in contrast has to be trained and developed through the learning and practicing of a variety of mnemonic techniques .	0
What Are Mnemonic Devices	Mnemonic systems are special techniques or strategies consciously used to improve memory , it helps employ information already stored in long-term memory to make memorization an easier task .	0
what radio station are the boston bruins on ?	The Boston Bruins Radio Network is a 25-station ( 17 A.M. , 8 F.M . plus 2 F.M . translators ) CBS Radio network which carries live game broadcasts of the Boston Bruins .	1
what radio station are the boston bruins on ?	The network 's flagship station is WBZ-FM /98.5- Boston , Massachusetts .	1
what radio station are the boston bruins on ?	Dave Goucher announces play-by-play .	0
what radio station are the boston bruins on ?	Bob Beers provides color commentary .	0
how is public policy created	Public policy is the principled guide to action taken by the administrative executive branches of the state with regard to a class of issues in a manner consistent with law and institutional customs .	1
how is public policy created	In general , the foundation is the pertinent national and substantial constitutional law and implementing legislation such as the US Federal code .	0
how is public policy created	Further substrates include both judicial interpretations and regulations which are generally authorized by legislation .	0
how is public policy created	Other scholars define it as a system of `` courses of action , regulatory measures , laws , and funding priorities concerning a given topic promulgated by a governmental entity or its representatives . ''	0
how is public policy created	Public policy is commonly embodied `` in constitutions , legislative acts , and judicial decisions . ''	0
how is public policy created	In the United States , this concept refers not only to the result of policies , but more broadly to the decision-making and analysis of governmental decisions .	0
how is public policy created	As an academic discipline , public policy is studied by professors and students at public policy schools of major universities throughout the country .	0
how is public policy created	The U.S. professional association of public policy practitioners , researchers , scholars , and students is the Association for Public Policy Analysis and Management .	0
how many ports are there in networking	In computer networking , a port is an application-specific or process-specific software construct serving as a communications endpoint in a computer 's host operating system .	0
how many ports are there in networking	A port is associated with an IP address of the host , as well as the type of protocol used for communication .	0
how many ports are there in networking	The purpose of ports is to uniquely identify different applications or processes running on a single computer and thereby enable them to share a single physical connection to a packet-switched network like the Internet .	0
how many ports are there in networking	The protocols that primarily use ports are the Transport Layer protocols , such as the Transmission Control Protocol ( TCP ) and the User Datagram Protocol ( UDP ) of the Internet Protocol Suite .	0
how many ports are there in networking	A port is identified for each address and protocol by a 16-bit number , commonly known as the port number .	0
how many ports are there in networking	The port number , added to a computer 's IP address , completes the destination address for a communications session .	0
how many ports are there in networking	That is , data packets are routed across the network to a specific destination IP address , and then , upon reaching the destination computer , are further routed to the specific process bound to the destination port number .	0
how many ports are there in networking	Note that it is the combination of IP address and port number together that must be globally unique .	0
how many ports are there in networking	Thus , different IP addresses or protocols may use the same port number for communication ; e.g. , on a given host or interface UDP and TCP may use the same port number , or on a host with two interfaces , both addresses may be associated with a port having the same number .	0
how many ports are there in networking	Of the thousands of enumerated ports , about 250 well-known ports are reserved by convention to identify specific service types on a host .	1
how many ports are there in networking	In the client-server model of application architecture , ports are used to provide a multiplexing service on each server-side port number that network clients connect to for service initiation , after which communication can be reestablished on other connection-specific port numbers .	0
who killed general warren in bunker hill	Dr. Joseph Warren ( June 11 , 1741 – June 17 , 1775 ) was an American doctor who played a leading role in American Patriot organizations in Boston in early days of the American Revolution , eventually serving as president of the revolutionary Massachusetts Provincial Congress .	0
who killed general warren in bunker hill	Warren enlisted Paul Revere and William Dawes on April 18 , 1775 , to leave Boston and spread the alarm that the British garrison in Boston was setting out to raid the town of Concord and arrest rebel leaders John Hancock and Samuel Adams .	0
who killed general warren in bunker hill	Warren participated in the next day 's Battles of Lexington and Concord , which are commonly considered to be the opening engagements of the American Revolutionary War .	0
who killed general warren in bunker hill	Warren had been commissioned a Major General in the colony 's militia shortly before the June 17 , 1775 Battle of Bunker Hill .	0
who killed general warren in bunker hill	Rather than exercising his rank , Warren served in the battle as a private soldier , and was killed in combat when British troops stormed the redoubt atop Breed 's Hill .	1
who killed general warren in bunker hill	His death , immortalized in John Trumbull 's painting , The Death of General Warren at the Battle of Bunker 's Hill , June 17 , 1775 , galvanized the rebel forces , and he has been memorialized in many place names in the United States .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	The Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards ( commonly known as ARIA Music Awards or ARIA Awards ) is an annual series of awards nights celebrating the Australian music industry , put on by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	The event has been held annually since 1987 and encompasses the general genre-specific and popular awards ( these are what is usually being referred to as `` the ARIA awards '' ) as well as Fine Arts Awards and Artisan Awards ( held separately from 2004 ) , Lifetime Achievement Awards and ARIA Hall of Fame – held separately from 2005 to 2010 but returned to the general ceremony in 2011 .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	For 2010 , ARIA introduced public voted awards for the first time .	0
What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) Music Awards ?	Winning , or even being nominated for , an ARIA award results in a lot of media attention on an artist , and usually increases recording sales several-fold – in 2005 , for example , after Ben Lee won three awards , his album Awake Is the New Sleep jumped from No . 31 to No . 5 in the ARIA Charts , its highest position .	1
what are the houses of hogwarts	Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , shortened Hogwarts , is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen , and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .	1
what are the houses of hogwarts	Rowling has suggested that she may have inadvertently taken the name from the hogwort plant ( Croton capitatus ) , which she had seen at Kew Gardens some time before writing the series , although the names `` The Hogwarts '' and `` Hoggwart '' appear in the 1954 Nigel Molesworth book How To Be Topp by Geoffrey Willans .	0
what are the houses of hogwarts	Hogwarts school was voted as the 36th best Scottish educational establishment in a 2008 online ranking , outranking Edinburgh 's Loretto School .	0
what are the houses of hogwarts	According to a director of the Independent Schools Network Rankings , it was added to the schools listing `` for fun '' and was then voted on .	0
who wrote puff the magic dragon	`` Puff , the Magic Dragon '' is a song written by Leonard Lipton and Peter Yarrow , and made popular by Yarrow 's group Peter , Paul and Mary in a 1963 recording .	1
who wrote puff the magic dragon	The song achieved great popularity .	0
what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of	Clinical laboratory in a Hospital setting showing several automated analysers .	0
what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of	A medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are done on clinical specimens in order to get information about the health of a patient as pertaining to the diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of disease .	1
where did mark jackson play pro basketball ?	Mark A. Jackson ( born April 1 , 1965 ) is an American basketball coach , and former player who is the current head coach of the Golden State Warriors of the NBA .	0
where did mark jackson play pro basketball ?	A point guard from St. John 's University , he played for the New York Knicks , Indiana Pacers , Los Angeles Clippers , Denver Nuggets , Toronto Raptors , Utah Jazz and Houston Rockets in the NBA in a career spanning from 1987 to 2004 .	1
where did mark jackson play pro basketball ?	Jackson has also worked as a commentator for ESPN and ABC alongside his former coach Jeff Van Gundy and play-by-play man Mike Breen .	0
where did mark jackson play pro basketball ?	He was previously an NBA analyst for The YES Network 's New Jersey Nets games .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Sacramento is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of government of Sacramento County .	1
what is the capital city of california .	It is located at the confluence of the Sacramento River and the American River in the northern portion of California 's expansive Central Valley .	0
what is the capital city of california .	With an estimated 2011 population of 477,891 , it is the sixth-largest city in California and the 35th largest city in the United States .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Sacramento is the core cultural and economic center of the Sacramento metropolitan area which includes seven counties with an estimated 2009 population of 2,527,123 .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Its metropolitan area is the fourth largest in California after the Greater Los Angeles Area , San Francisco Bay Area , and the San Diego metropolitan area , as well as the 25th largest in the United States .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Sacramento was cited by Time magazine as America 's most ethnically and racially integrated city in 2002 .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Sacramento became a city through the efforts of the Swiss immigrant John Sutter , Sr. , his son John Sutter , Jr. , and James W. Marshall .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Sacramento grew quickly thanks to the protection of Sutter 's Fort , which was established by Sutter in 1839 .	0
what is the capital city of california .	During the California Gold Rush , Sacramento was a major distribution point , a commercial and agricultural center , and a terminus for wagon trains , stagecoaches , riverboats , the telegraph , the Pony Express , and the First Transcontinental Railroad .	0
what is the capital city of california .	California State University , Sacramento , more commonly known as Sacramento State or Sac State , is the largest local university .	0
what is the capital city of california .	It is one of the twenty-three campuses of the California State University system .	0
what is the capital city of california .	Drexel University Sacramento is located in Downtown , Sacramento .	0
what is the capital city of california .	University of the Pacific 's McGeorge School of Law is located in the Oak Park neighborhood .	0
what is the capital city of california .	In addition , the University of California , Davis is located in nearby Davis , west of the capital .	0
what is the capital city of california .	The UC Davis Medical Center , a world-renowned research hospital , is located in the city of Sacramento .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Elizabeth II ( Elizabeth Alexandra Mary ; born 21 April 1926 ) is the constitutional monarch of 16 sovereign states , known as the Commonwealth realms , and their territories and dependencies , and head of the 54-member Commonwealth of Nations .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	She is Supreme Governor of the Church of England and , in some of her realms , carries the title of Defender of the Faith as part of her full title .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	On her accession on 6 February 1952 , Elizabeth became Head of the Commonwealth and queen regnant of seven independent Commonwealth countries : the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Pakistan and Ceylon .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	From 1956 to 1992 , the number of her realms varied as territories gained independence and some realms became republics .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	At present , in addition to the first four aforementioned countries , Elizabeth is Queen of Jamaica , Barbados , the Bahamas , Grenada , Papua New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , Tuvalu , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Belize , Antigua and Barbuda and Saint Kitts and Nevis .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Her reign of years is currently the second longest for a British monarch ; only Queen Victoria has reigned longer at over 63 years .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Elizabeth was born in London and educated privately at home .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Her father acceded to the throne as George VI in 1936 on the abdication of his brother Edward VIII , from which time she was the heir presumptive .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	She began to undertake public duties during the Second World War , in which she served in the Auxiliary Territorial Service .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	In 1947 , she married Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , with whom she has four children : Charles , Anne , Andrew , and Edward .	1
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Her coronation service took place in 1953 and was the first to be televised .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	The Queen 's many historic visits and meetings include a state visit to the Republic of Ireland and reciprocal visits to and from the Pope .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	The Queen has seen major constitutional changes in her realms , such as devolution in the United Kingdom and the patriation of the Canadian constitution .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Times of personal significance have included the births and marriages of her children , the births of her grandchildren , the investiture of the Prince of Wales , and the celebration of milestones such as her Silver , Golden , and Diamond Jubilees in 1977 , 2002 , and 2012 , respectively .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	Major events in the Queen 's reign have included the Troubles in Northern Ireland , the Falklands War , wars with Iraq and the War in Afghanistan .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	There have been times of personal sorrow for her which include the death of her father at 56 , the assassination of Prince Philip 's uncle , Lord Mountbatten , the breakdown of her children 's marriages in 1992 ( a year deemed her annus horribilis ) , the death in 1997 of her former daughter-in-law , Diana , Princess of Wales , and the deaths of her mother and sister in 2002 .	0
when was queen elizabeth ii married	The Queen has occasionally faced severe press criticism of the royal family and republican sentiments , but support for the monarchy and her personal popularity remain high .	0
who shot john lennon ?	John Lennon was an English musician who gained worldwide fame as one of the founders of The Beatles , for his subsequent solo career , and for his political activism and pacifism .	0
who shot john lennon ?	He was shot by Mark David Chapman at the entrance of the building where he lived , The Dakota , in New York City on 8 December 1980 .	1
who shot john lennon ?	Lennon had just returned from Record Plant Studio with his wife , Yoko Ono .	0
who shot john lennon ?	Lennon was pronounced dead on arrival at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center , where it was stated that nobody could have lived for more than a few minutes after sustaining such injuries .	0
who shot john lennon ?	Shortly after local news stations reported Lennon 's death , crowds gathered at Roosevelt Hospital and in front of the Dakota .	0
who shot john lennon ?	Lennon was cremated on 10 December 1980 at the Ferncliff Cemetery in Hartsdale , New York ; the ashes were given to Ono , who chose not to hold a funeral for him .	0
who shot john lennon ?	The first report of Lennon 's death to a U.S. national audience was announced by Howard Cosell , on ABC 's Monday Night Football .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	The regulation of prostitution in the United States is not among the enumerated powers of the federal government ; Under the Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , it is therefore exclusively the domain of the states to permit , prohibit , or otherwise regulate commercial sex , except insofar as Congress may regulate it as part of interstate commerce with laws like the Mann Act .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	In most states , prostitution is considered a misdemeanor in the category of public order crime , a crime that disrupts the order of a community .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	It was at one time considered to be a vagrancy crime .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	Currently , Nevada is the only state to allow brothel prostitution , the terms of which are stipulated in the Nevada Revised Statutes .	1
what states have legalized prostitution	Only 8 counties currently contain active brothels .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	All forms of prostitution are illegal in Clark County ( which contains the Las Vegas–Paradise metropolitan area ) , Washoe County ( which contains Reno ) , Carson City , Douglas County , and Lincoln County .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	The other counties theoretically allow brothel prostitution , but some of these counties currently have no active brothels .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	Street prostitution , `` pandering , '' and living off of the proceeds of a prostitute remain illegal under Nevada law , as elsewhere in the country .	0
what states have legalized prostitution	As with other countries , prostitution in the United States can be divided into three broad categories : street prostitution , brothel prostitution , and escort prostitution .	0
what is the federal death tax	The estate tax in the United States is a tax imposed on the transfer of the `` taxable estate `` of a deceased person , whether such property is transferred via a will , according to the state laws of intestacy or otherwise made as an incident of the death of the owner , such as a transfer of property from an intestate estate or trust , or the payment of certain life insurance benefits or financial account sums to beneficiaries .	1
what is the federal death tax	The estate tax is one part of the Unified Gift and Estate Tax system in the United States .	0
what is the federal death tax	The other part of the system , the gift tax , imposes a tax on transfers of property during a person 's life ; the gift tax prevents avoidance of the estate tax should a person want to give away his/her estate .	0
what is the federal death tax	In addition to the federal government , many states also impose an estate tax , with the state version called either an estate tax or an inheritance tax .	0
what is the federal death tax	Opponents of the estate tax call it the `` death tax '' .	0
what is the federal death tax	If an asset is left to a spouse or a Federally recognized charity , the tax usually does not apply .	0
what is the federal death tax	In addition , up to $ 5,250,000 can be given by an individual , before and/or upon their death , without incurring federal gift or estate taxes .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Wealth in the United States is commonly measured in terms of net worth , which is the sum of all assets , including home equity , minus all liabilities .	0
how much total wealth in USA	The total net worth of US households and nonprofit organizations 1945–2009 , unadjusted for inflation or population change .	0
how much total wealth in USA	For example , a household in possession of an $ 800,000 house , $ 5,000 in mutual funds , $ 30,000 in cars , $ 20,000 worth of stock in their own company , and a $ 45,000 IRA would have assets totaling $ 900,000 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Assuming that this household would have a $ 250,000 mortgage , $ 40,000 in car loans , and $ 10,000 in credit card debt , its debts would total $ 300,000 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Subtracting the debts from the worth of this household 's assets ( 900,000 - $ 300,000 = $ 600,000 ) , this household would have a net worth of $ 600,000 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Net worth can vary with fluctuations in value of the underlying assets .	0
how much total wealth in USA	The wealth —more specifically , the median net worth—of households in the United States is varied with relation to race , education , geographic location and gender .	0
how much total wealth in USA	As one would expect , households with greater income feature the highest net worths , though high income can not be taken as an always accurate indicator of net worth .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Overall the number of wealthier households is on the rise , with baby boomers hitting the highs of their careers .	0
how much total wealth in USA	In addition , wealth is unevenly distributed , with the wealthiest 25 % of US households owning 87 % of the wealth in the United States , which was $ 54.2 trillion in 2009 .	0
how much total wealth in USA	Including human capital such as skills , the United Nations estimated the total wealth of the United States in 2008 to be $ 118 trillion .	1
what is the name of the wizard of oz	The Wizard of Oz , known during his reign as The Great and Powerful Oz , is the epithet of Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkel Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs , a fictional character in the Land of Oz , created by American author L. Frank Baum .	1
what is the name of the wizard of oz	The character was further popularized by the classic 1939 movie , wherein his full name is not mentioned .	1
what countries legalize marijuana	The legality of cannabis varies from country to country .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Possession of cannabis is illegal in most countries and has been since the beginning of widespread cannabis prohibition in the late 1930s .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	However , many countries have decriminalized the possession of small quantities of cannabis , particularly in North America , South America and Europe .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Furthermore , possession is legal or effectively legal in the Netherlands , North Korea and would be in the U.S. states of Colorado and Washington if it were not for federal law , which governs persons in all states .	1
what countries legalize marijuana	The medicinal use of cannabis is legal in a number of countries , including Canada , the Czech Republic and Israel .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	While federal law in the United States bans all sale and possession of cannabis , enforcement varies widely at the state level and some states have established medicinal marijuana programs in that contradict federal law ; two states ( Colorado and Washington ) have repealed their laws prohibiting the recreational use of cannabis and replaced them with a regulatory regime , also contrary to federal statute .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Some countries have laws that are not as vigorously prosecuted as others but , apart from the countries that offer access to medical marijuana , most countries have various penalties ranging from lenient to very severe .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Some infractions are taken more seriously in some countries than others in regard to the cultivation , use , possession or transfer of cannabis for recreational use .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	A few jurisdictions have lessened penalties for possession of small quantities of cannabis , making it punishable by confiscation and a fine , rather than imprisonment .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Some jurisdictions/ drug courts use mandatory treatment programs for young or frequent users , with freedom from narcotic drugs as the goal and a few jurisdictions permit cannabis use for medicinal purposes .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	There are also changes in a more restrictive direction as in Canada .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	Drug tests to detect cannabis are increasingly common in many countries and have resulted in jail sentences and people losing their jobs .	0
what countries legalize marijuana	However , simple possession can carry long jail sentences in some countries , particularly in parts of East Asia and Southeast Asia where the sale of cannabis may lead to a sentence of life in prison or even execution .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry VIII ( 28 June 1491 – 28 January 1547 ) was king of England from 21 April 1509 until his death .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	He was lord , and later king , of Ireland , as well as continuing the nominal claim by the English monarchs to the Kingdom of France .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry was the second monarch of the Tudor dynasty , succeeding his father , Henry VII .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Besides his six marriages , Henry VIII is known for his role in the separation of the Church of England from the Roman Catholic Church .	1
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry 's struggles with Rome led to the separation of the Church of England from papal authority , the Dissolution of the Monasteries , and his own establishment as the Supreme Head of the Church of England .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Yet he remained a believer in core Catholic theological teachings , even after his excommunication from the Roman Catholic Church .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry oversaw the legal union of England and Wales with the Laws in Wales Acts 1535 and 1542 .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	In 1513 , the new king allied with the Holy Roman Emperor , Maximillian I , and invaded France in 1513 with a large , well-equipped army , but achieved little at a considerable financial cost .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Maximillian , for his part , used the English invasion to his own ends , and this prejudiced England 's ability to defeat the French .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	This foray would prove the start of an obsession for Henry , who invaded again in 1544 .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	This time , Henry 's forces captured the important city of Boulogne , but again the Holy Roman Emperor , Charles V , supported Henry only as long as he needed to and England , strained by the enormous cost of the war , ransomed the city back for peace .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	His contemporaries considered Henry in his prime to be an attractive , educated and accomplished king , and he has been described as `` one of the most charismatic rulers to sit on the English throne '' .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Besides ruling with absolute power , he also engaged himself as an author and composer .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	His desire to provide England with a male heir – which stemmed partly from personal vanity and partly because he believed a daughter would be unable to consolidate the Tudor dynasty and the fragile peace that existed following the Wars of the Roses – led to the two things for which Henry is most remembered : his six marriages and the English Reformation .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	Henry became morbidly obese and his health suffered , contributing to his death in 1547 .	0
how many wives did henry the 8th have	He is frequently characterised in his later life as a lustful , egotistical , harsh , and insecure king .	0
What is the significance of Good Friday ?	Good Friday is a religious holiday observed primarily by Christians commemorating the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and his death at Calvary .	1
What is the significance of Good Friday ?	The holiday is observed during Holy Week as part of the Paschal Triduum on the Friday preceding Easter Sunday , and may coincide with the Jewish observance of Passover .	1
What is the significance of Good Friday ?	It is also known as Holy Friday , Great Friday , Black Friday , or Easter Friday , though the latter properly refers to the Friday in Easter week .	1
What is the significance of Good Friday ?	Based on the details of the Canonical gospels , the Crucifixion of Jesus was most likely to have been on a Friday ( the day before the Sabbath ) ( ) .	0
What is the significance of Good Friday ?	The estimated year of the Crucifixion is AD 33 , by two different groups , and originally as AD 34 by Isaac Newton via the differences between the Biblical and Julian calendars and the crescent of the moon .	0
What is the significance of Good Friday ?	A third method , using a completely different astronomical approach based on a lunar Crucifixion darkness and eclipse model ( consistent with Apostle Peter 's reference to a `` moon of blood '' in Acts 2:20 ) , points to Friday , 3 April AD 33 .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The United States ten-dollar bill ( $ 10 ) is a denomination of United States currency .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The first U.S. Secretary of the Treasury ( 1789–95 ) , Alexander Hamilton , is currently featured on the obverse of the bill , while the U.S. Treasury Building is featured on the reverse .	1
who is on the $ 10 . bill	( Hamilton is one of two non-presidents featured on currently issued U.S. bills .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The other is Benjamin Franklin , on the $ 100 bill .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	Hamilton is one of only four people featured on U.S. paper currency ( 1861 to the present ) who was not born in the continental United States , as he was from the West Indies .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The others are : Albert Gallatin , Switzerland ( $ 500 1862/63 Legal Tender ) ; George Meade , Spain ( $ 1,000 1890/91 Treasury Note ) ; and Robert Morris , England ( $ 1,000 1862/63 Legal Tender ; $ 10 1878/80 Silver Certificate ) .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	In addition , Kamehameha I , appears on the 2008 Hawaii state quarter . )	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	All $ 10 bills issued today are Federal Reserve Notes .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The Bureau of Engraving and Printing says the average life of a $ 10 bill in circulation is 18 months before it is replaced due to wear .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	Approximately 6 % of all US banknotes printed in 2009 were $ 10 bills .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	Ten dollar bills are delivered by Federal Reserve Banks in yellow straps .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The source of the face on the $ 10 bill is John Trumbull ’s 1805 portrait of Hamilton that belongs to the portrait collection of New York City Hall .	0
who is on the $ 10 . bill	The $ 10 bill is the only U.S. paper currency in circulation in which the portrait faces to the left ( the $ 100,000 bill featured a portrait of Woodrow Wilson facing to the left , but was used only for intra-government transactions ) .	0
what county is erie colorado	Erie is a Statutory Town in Boulder and Weld counties in the U.S. state of Colorado .	1
what county is erie colorado	The population according to the 2010 census is 18,135 and was recorded as 6,291 at the 2000 census .	0
what county is erie colorado	The Town of Erie is located just west of I-25 for easy access to I-70 , Denver International Airport and Colorado 's entire Front Range .	0
what county is erie colorado	Erie 's Planning Area spans 48 square miles , extending from the north side of State Highway 52 south to State Highway 7 , and between US 287 on the west and Interstate 25 to the east .	0
what county is erie colorado	Erie is approximately 35 minutes from Denver International Airport , 25 minutes to Denver and 20 minutes from Boulder .	0
what county is erie colorado	The Board of Trustees serves as the legislative and governing body of the Town of Erie and is responsible for establishing Town policies and goals .	0
what county is erie colorado	The Board has the authority to adopt laws , ordinances and resolutions as needed to conduct the business of the Town , and by ordinance may enter into contracts or intergovernmental agreements to furnish , receive services or to provide for cooperative service delivery .	0
what county is erie colorado	Appointed by and serving at the pleasure of the Board of Trustees , the Town Administrator is the chief operating and administrative officer of the Town and is responsible for providing professional leadership in the administration and execution of policies and objectives formulated by the Board .	0
what county is erie colorado	The mission of the Erie Police Department is to communicate and work with the community to maintain a safe environment , prevent crime and enforce the law , while protecting the rights of all .	0
what county is erie colorado	Erie Municipal Airport ( EIK ) is owned and operated by the Town of Erie and is strategically located in the Denver-Boulder metropolitan area on Colorado Highway 7 , a little over three miles west of Interstate 25 .	0
what county is erie colorado	The main runway is concrete paved and 4,700 feet long .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	A leasehold estate is an ownership of a temporary right to hold land or property in which a lessee or a tenant holds rights of real property by some form of title from a lessor or landlord .	1
what is leasehold ; real estate	Although a tenant does hold rights to real property , a leasehold estate is typically considered personal property .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	Leasehold is a form of land tenure or property tenure where one party buys the right to occupy land or a building for a given length of time .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	As lease is a legal estate , leasehold estate can be bought and sold on the open market .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	A leasehold thus differs from a freehold or fee simple where the ownership of a property is purchased outright and thereafter held for an indeterminate length of time , and also differs from a tenancy where a property is let ( rented ) on a periodic basis such as weekly or monthly .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	Until the end of the lease period ( often measured in decades or centuries ; a 99 year lease is quite common ) the leaseholder has the right to remain in occupation as an assured tenant paying an agreed rent to the owner .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	Terms of the agreement are contained in a lease , which has elements of contract and property law intertwined .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	The term estate for years may occasionally be used .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	This refers to a leasehold estate for any specific period of time ( the word `` years '' is misleading ) .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	An estate for years is not automatically renewed .	0
what is leasehold ; real estate	Colloquially , `` lease '' and `` leasing `` are often a formalization of a longer , specific period as compared with a `` rental '' that created a tenancy at will , terminable or renewable at the end of a short period .	0
when is international men 's day	International Men 's Day ( IMD ) is an annual international event celebrated on 19th November .	1
when is international men 's day	Inaugurated in 1999 in Trinidad and Tobago , the day and its events find support from a variety of individuals and groups in Australia , the Caribbean , North America , Asia , Europe and Africa .	0
when is international men 's day	Speaking on behalf of UNESCO , Director of Women and Culture of Peace Ingeborg Breines said of IMD , `` This is an excellent idea and would give some gender balance . ''	0
when is international men 's day	She added that UNESCO was looking forward to cooperating with the organizers .	0
when is international men 's day	The objectives of celebrating an International Men 's Day include focusing on men 's and boys ' health , improving gender relations , promoting gender equality , and highlighting positive male role models .	0
when is international men 's day	It is an occasion to highlight discrimination against men and boys and to celebrate their achievements and contributions , in particular for their contributions to community , family , marriage , and child care .	0
when is international men 's day	The broader and ultimate aim of the event is to promote basic humanitarian values .	0
when is international men 's day	International Men 's Day is celebrated in over 60 countries , including Trinidad and Tobago , Jamaica , Australia , India , China , United States , Romania , Singapore , Malta , United Kingdom , South Africa , Tanzania , Zimbabwe , Botswana , Seychelles , Burundi , Hungary , Ireland , Isle of Man , Ghana , Canada , Denmark , Norway , Austria , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Ukraine , France , Italy , Pakistan , Cuba , Antigua and Barbuda , St. Kitts and Nevis , St. Lucia , Grenada and Cayman Islands , on 19 November , and global support for the celebration is broad .	0
what are metaphors used for	A political cartoon from an 1894 Puck magazine by illustrator S.D . Ehrhart , shows a farm woman labeled `` Democratic Party '' sheltering from a tornado of political change .	0
what are metaphors used for	A metaphor is a figure of speech that describes a subject by asserting that it is , on some point of comparison , the same as another otherwise unrelated object .	1
what are metaphors used for	Metaphor is a type of analogy and is closely related to other rhetorical figures of speech that achieve their effects via association , comparison or resemblance including allegory , hyperbole , and simile .	1
what are metaphors used for	In simpler terms , a metaphor compares two objects or things without using the words `` like '' or `` as '' .	0
what are metaphors used for	One of the most prominent examples of a metaphor in English literature is the All the world 's a stage monologue from As You Like It :	0
what are metaphors used for	All the world 's a stage,	0
what are metaphors used for	And all the men and women merely players ;	0
what are metaphors used for	They have their exits and their entrances ; — William Shakespeare , As You Like It , 2/7	0
what are metaphors used for	This quote is a metaphor because the world is not literally a stage .	0
what are metaphors used for	By figuratively asserting that the world is a stage , Shakespeare uses the points of comparison between the world and a stage to convey an understanding about the mechanics of the world and the lives of the people within it .	0
what westerners include in pain and suffering	Pain and suffering is the legal term for the physical and emotional stress caused from an injury ( see also pain and suffering ) .	1
what westerners include in pain and suffering	Some damages that might be under this category would be : aches , temporary and permanent limitations on activity , potential shortening of life , depression or scarring .	1
what westerners include in pain and suffering	When filing a lawsuit as a result of an injury , it is common for someone to seek money both in compensation for actual money that is lost and for the pain and stress associated with virtually any injury .	0
what westerners include in pain and suffering	In a suit , pain and suffering is part of the `` general damages '' section of the claimant 's claim , or , alternatively , it is an element of `` compensatory '' non-economic damages that allows recovery for the mental anguish and/or physical pain endured by the claimant as a result of injury for which the plaintiff seeks redress .	0
what westerners include in pain and suffering	Apart from money damages awarded in trial , money damages are also given informally outside the judicial system in mediations , arbitration ( both of which may be court annexed or non litigated claims ) as well as in routine insurance settlements .	0
what westerners include in pain and suffering	Individual claimants or those represented by lawyers often present demands to insurers to settle for money .	0
what westerners include in pain and suffering	These demand for bodily injury compensation monies often set out damages that are similarly used in the court litigated pleadings .	0
what westerners include in pain and suffering	Demands are usually written summaries of a claimant 's medical care and the facts which resulted in the injury .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Hurricane Katrina was the deadliest and most destructive Atlantic hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .	1
where did hurricane katrina begin	It was the costliest natural disaster , as well as one of the five deadliest hurricanes , in the history of the United States .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Among recorded Atlantic hurricanes , it was the sixth strongest overall .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	At least 1,833 people died in the hurricane and subsequent floods , making it the deadliest U.S. hurricane since the 1928 Okeechobee hurricane ; total property damage was estimated at $ 81 billion ( 2005 USD ) , nearly triple the damage brought by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Hurricane Katrina formed over the Bahamas on August 23 , 2005 and crossed southern Florida as a moderate Category 1 hurricane , causing some deaths and flooding there before strengthening rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico .	1
where did hurricane katrina begin	The hurricane strengthened to a Category 5 hurricane over the warm Gulf water , but weakened before making its second landfall as a Category 3 hurricane on the morning of Monday , August 29 in southeast Louisiana .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	It caused severe destruction along the Gulf coast from central Florida to Texas , much of it due to the storm surge .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	The most significant number of deaths occurred in New Orleans , Louisiana , which flooded as the levee system catastrophically failed , in many cases hours after the storm had moved inland .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Eventually 80 % of the city and large tracts of neighboring parishes became flooded , and the floodwaters lingered for weeks .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	However , the worst property damage occurred in coastal areas , such as all Mississippi beachfront towns , which were flooded over 90 % in hours , as boats and casino barges rammed buildings , pushing cars and houses inland , with waters reaching 6–12 miles ( 10–19 km ) from the beach .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	The hurricane surge protection failures in New Orleans are considered the worst civil engineering disaster in U.S. history and prompted a lawsuit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ( USACE ) , the designers and builders of the levee system as mandated by the Flood Control Act of 1965 .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Responsibility for the failures and flooding was laid squarely on the Army Corps in January 2008 by Judge Stanwood Duval , U.S. District Court , but the federal agency could not be held financially liable due to sovereign immunity in the Flood Control Act of 1928 .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	There was also an investigation of the responses from federal , state and local governments , resulting in the resignation of Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) director Michael D. Brown , and of New Orleans Police Department ( NOPD ) Superintendent Eddie Compass .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Several agencies including the United States Coast Guard ( USCG ) , National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) , and National Weather Service ( NWS ) were commended for their actions .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	They provided accurate hurricane weather tracking forecasts with sufficient lead time .	0
where did hurricane katrina begin	Even the most insistent appeals from national , state and local public officials to residents to evacuate before the storm did not warn that the levees could breach and fail .	0
when is world war hulk movie come	`` World War Hulk '' is a comic book crossover storyline that ran through a self titled limited series and various other titles published by Marvel Comics in 2007 , featuring the Hulk .	1
when is world war hulk movie come	The series consists of five main issues titled World War Hulk , with Greg Pak as writer and John Romita , Jr. as penciller , and three other limited series : World War Hulk : Front Line , World War Hulk : Gamma Corps , and World War Hulk : X-Men .	0
when is world war hulk movie come	It also ran through several other Marvel comics series .	0
when is world war hulk movie come	The plot is the culmination of a series of events that began with the Hulk being tricked into space by the Illuminati and a life model decoy of Nick Fury , the Hulk 's subsequent exile seen in Planet Hulk and his imminent return to Earth to seek revenge on the Illuminati .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta ( , stressed , locally ) is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia , with an estimated 2011 population of 432,427 .	1
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area , home to 5,457,831 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States .	1
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County , and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta was established in 1837 at the intersection of two railroad lines , and the city rose from the ashes of the Civil War to become a national center of commerce .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	In the decades following the Civil Rights Movement , during which the city earned a reputation as `` too busy to hate '' for the progressive views of its citizens and leaders , Atlanta attained international prominence .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is the primary transportation hub of the Southeastern United States , via highway , railroad , and air , with Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport being the world 's busiest airport since 1998 .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Atlanta is considered an `` alpha ( - ) world city , '' and , with a gross domestic product of US $ 270 billion , Atlanta’s economy ranks 15th among world cities and sixth in the nation .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Although Atlanta’s economy is considered diverse , dominant sectors include logistics , professional and business services , media operations , government administration , and higher education .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Topographically , Atlanta is marked by rolling hills and dense tree coverage .	0
how many people live in atlanta georgia	Revitalization of Atlanta 's neighborhoods , initially spurred by the 1996 Olympics , has intensified in the 21st century , altering the city 's demographics , politics , and culture .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Jehovah 's Witnesses is a millenarian restorationist Christian denomination with nontrinitarian beliefs distinct from mainstream Christianity .Sources for descriptors : • Millenarian : • Restorationist : • Christian : • Denomination : The organization reports worldwide membership of over 7.78 million adherents involved in evangelism , convention attendance of over 12 million , and annual Memorial attendance of over 19 million .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They are directed by the Governing Body of Jehovah 's Witnesses , a group of elders in Brooklyn , New York , that establishes all doctrines .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Jehovah 's Witnesses ' beliefs are based on their interpretations of the Bible and they prefer to use their own translation , the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .	1
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They believe that the destruction of the present world system at Armageddon is imminent , and that the establishment of God 's kingdom on earth is the only solution for all problems faced by mankind .	1
what do jehovah witnesses believe	The group emerged from the Bible Student movement —founded in the late 1870s by Charles Taze Russell with the formation of Zion 's Watch Tower Tract Society —with significant organizational and doctrinal changes under the leadership of Joseph Franklin Rutherford .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	The name Jehovah 's witnesses , based on Isaiah 43:10–12 , was adopted in 1931 to distinguish themselves from other Bible Student groups and symbolize a break with the legacy of Russell 's traditions .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Jehovah 's Witnesses are best known for their door-to-door preaching , distributing literature such as The Watchtower and Awake !	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	, and refusing military service and blood transfusions .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They consider use of the name Jehovah vital for proper worship .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They reject Trinitarianism , inherent immortality of the soul , and hellfire , which they consider to be unscriptural doctrines .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They do not observe Christmas , Easter , birthdays , or other holidays and customs they consider to have pagan origins incompatible with Christianity .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Adherents commonly refer to their body of beliefs as `` the truth '' and consider themselves to be `` in the truth '' .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	They consider secular society to be morally corrupt and under the influence of Satan , and most limit their social interaction with non-Witnesses .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Congregational disciplinary actions include disfellowshipping , their term for formal expulsion and shunning .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Baptized individuals who formally leave are considered disassociated and are also shunned .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Disfellowshipped and disassociated individuals may eventually be reinstated if deemed repentant .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	The religion 's position regarding conscientious objection to military service and refusal to salute national flags has brought it into conflict with some governments .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Consequently , Jehovah 's Witnesses have been persecuted and their activities are banned or restricted in some countries .	0
what do jehovah witnesses believe	Persistent legal challenges by Jehovah 's Witnesses have influenced legislation related to civil rights in several countries .	0
what color is burgundy	Two bottles of red Burgundy wine from Gevrey-Chambertin , Côtes de Nuits	0
what color is burgundy	Burgundy is a dark red color associated with the Burgundy wine of the same name , which in turn is named after the Burgundy region of France .	1
what color is burgundy	The color burgundy is similar to other shades of dark red such as maroon .	1
what color is burgundy	When referring to the color , `` burgundy '' is usually not capitalized .	0
what color is burgundy	The first recorded use of `` burgundy '' as a color name in English was in 1881 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The World Trade Center is a complex of buildings under construction in Lower Manhattan , New York City , United States , replacing an earlier complex of seven buildings with the same name on the same site .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The original World Trade Center featured landmark twin towers , which opened on April 4 , 1973 and were destroyed in the September 11 attacks of 2001 , along with 7 World Trade Center .	1
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The other buildings in the complex were damaged in the attacks , and their ruins were eventually demolished .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The site is being rebuilt with five new skyscrapers and a memorial to those killed in the attacks .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	, only one skyscraper has been completed ; the other four are expected to be completed before 2020 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	One World Trade Center will be the lead building for the new complex , reaching more than 100 stories at its completion .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	It became the tallest building in New York City on April 30 , 2012 , and is expected to be finished by 2013 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	A sixth tower is awaiting confirmation .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	At the time of their completion , the original 1 World Trade Center ( the North Tower ) and 2 World Trade Center ( the South Tower ) , known collectively as the `` Twin Towers '' , were the tallest buildings in the world .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The other buildings included 3 WTC ( the Marriott World Trade Center ) , 4 WTC , 5 WTC , 6 WTC , and 7 WTC .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	All of these buildings were built between 1975 and 1985 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The cost for the construction was $ 400 million ( $ in dollars ) .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The complex was located in the heart of New York City 's downtown financial district and contained 13.4 million square feet ( 1.24 million m2 ) of office space .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The World Trade Center experienced a fire on , 1975 , a bombing on , 1993 and a robbery on , 1998 .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	In 1998 , the Port Authority decided to privatize the World Trade Center , leasing the buildings to a private company to manage , and awarded the lease to Silverstein Properties in .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	On the morning of September 11 , 2001 , Al-Qaeda -affiliated hijackers flew two Boeing 767 jets into the complex , one into each tower , in a coordinated terrorist attack .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	After burning for 56 minutes , the South Tower ( 2 ) collapsed , followed a half-hour later by the North Tower ( 1 ) , with the attacks on the World Trade Center resulting in 2,753 deaths .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	Falling debris from the towers , combined with fires that the debris initiated in several surrounding buildings , led to the partial or complete collapse of all the other buildings in the complex and caused catastrophic damage to ten other large structures in the surrounding area .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The process of cleanup and recovery at the World Trade Center site took eight months .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	Over the following years , plans for a rebuilt World Trade Center took form .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The first new building at the site was 7 World Trade Center , which opened in .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation ( LMDC ) , established in to oversee the rebuilding process , organized competitions to select a site plan and memorial design .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	Memory Foundations , designed by Daniel Libeskind , was selected as the master plan , but this went through substantial changes in design .	0
how old were the twin towers when destroyed	The new World Trade Center complex will include One World Trade Center , three other high-rise office towers , and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum .	0
what state is Mn	Minnesota ( ) is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States .	1
what state is Mn	Minnesota was carved out of the eastern half of the Minnesota Territory and admitted to the Union as the 32nd state on May 11 , 1858 .	0
what state is Mn	Known as the `` Land of 10,000 Lakes '' , the state 's name comes from a Dakota word for `` sky-tinted water '' .	0
what state is Mn	Those waters , together with forests , parks , and wilderness areas , offer residents and tourists a variety of outdoor recreational opportunities .	0
what state is Mn	Minnesota is the 12th most extensive and the 21st most populous of the U.S. states .	0
what state is Mn	Nearly 60 % of its residents live in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area ( known as the `` Twin Cities '' ) , the center of transportation , business , industry , education , government and home to an internationally known arts community .	0
what state is Mn	The remainder of the state consists of western prairies now given over to intensive agriculture ; deciduous forests in the southeast , now cleared , farmed and settled ; and the less populated North Woods , used for mining , forestry , and recreation .	0
what state is Mn	Minnesota is known for its relatively mixed social and political orientations , and has a high rate of civic participation and voter turnout .	0
what state is Mn	Minnesota ranks among the healthiest states , and has a highly literate population .	0
what state is Mn	The large majority of residents are of Scandinavian and German descent .	0
what state is Mn	The state is known as a center of Scandinavian American culture .	0
what state is Mn	Ethnic diversity has increased in recent decades .	0
what state is Mn	Substantial influxes of Asian , African , and Latin American immigrants have joined the descendants of European settlers and the original Native American inhabitants .	0
what is adem disease	Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis ( ADEM ) is an immune mediated disease of the brain .	1
what is adem disease	It usually occurs following a viral infection but may appear following vaccination , bacterial or parasitic infection , or even appear spontaneously .	1
what is adem disease	As it involves autoimmune demyelination , it is similar to multiple sclerosis , and is considered part of the Multiple sclerosis borderline diseases .	0
what is adem disease	The incidence rate is about 8 per 1,000,000 people per year .	0
what is adem disease	Although it occurs in all ages , most reported cases are in children and adolescents , with the average age around 5 to 8 years old .	0
what is adem disease	The mortality rate may be as high as 5 % , full recovery is seen in 50 to 75 % of cases , while up to 70 to 90 % recover with some minor residual disability .	0
what is adem disease	The average time to recover is one to six months .	0
what is adem disease	ADEM produces multiple inflammatory lesions in the brain and spinal cord , particularly in the white matter .	0
what is adem disease	Usually these are found in the subcortical and central white matter and cortical gray-white junction of both cerebral hemispheres , cerebellum , brainstem , and spinal cord , but periventricular white matter and gray matter of the cortex , thalami and basal ganglia may also be involved .	0
what is adem disease	When the patient suffers more than one demyelinating episode , it is called recurrent disseminated encephalomyelitis or multiphasic disseminated encephalomyelitis ( MDEM ) .	0
what did chaucer do	Geoffrey Chaucer ( ; c. 1343 – 25 October 1400 ) , known as the Father of English literature , is widely considered the greatest English poet of the Middle Ages and was the first poet to have been buried in Poet 's Corner of Westminster Abbey .	0
what did chaucer do	While he achieved fame during his lifetime as an author , philosopher , alchemist and astronomer , composing a scientific treatise on the astrolabe for his ten year-old son Lewis , Chaucer also maintained an active career in the civil service as a bureaucrat , courtier and diplomat .	1
what did chaucer do	Among his many works , which include The Book of the Duchess , the House of Fame , the Legend of Good Women and Troilus and Criseyde , he is best known today for The Canterbury Tales .	0
what did chaucer do	Chaucer is a crucial figure in developing the legitimacy of the vernacular , Middle English , at a time when the dominant literary languages in England were French and Latin .	1
what is sanskrit shri	Sri ( Sinhala )	0
what is sanskrit shri	Sri ( Devanagari : श्री , IAST ; Śrī ) , also transliterated as Sree or Shri or Shree is a word of Sanskrit origin , used in the Indian subcontinent as polite form of address equivalent to the English `` Mr. '' in written and spoken language , or as a title of veneration for deities ( usually translated as `` Holy '' ) .	1
what are the quad muscles	The quadriceps femoris ( Latin for `` four-headed muscle of the femur `` ) , also called simply the quadriceps , quadriceps extensor , quads , is a large muscle group that includes the four prevailing muscles on the front of the thigh .	0
what are the quad muscles	It is the great extensor muscle of the knee , forming a large fleshy mass which covers the front and sides of the femur .	1
what are the quad muscles	The proper Latin plural form of the adjective quadriceps would be quadricipites .	0
what are the quad muscles	In modern English usage , quadriceps is used in both singular and plural .	0
what are the quad muscles	The singular form quadricep , produced by hypercorrection , is frequently used .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Although not used by the majority of the world 's countries , daylight saving time is common in the Western world .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Daylight saving time ( DST ) —also summer time in British English — is the practice of advancing clocks during the lighter months so that evenings have more daylight and mornings have less .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Typically clocks are adjusted forward one hour near the start of spring and are adjusted backward in autumn .	0
when did daylight savings time start	The modern idea of daylight saving was first proposed in 1895 by George Vernon Hudson and it was first implemented during the First World War .	1
when did daylight savings time start	Many countries have used it at various times since then .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Much of the United States used DST in the 1950s and 1960s , and DST use expanded following the 1970s energy crisis and has been widely used in North America and Europe since then .	0
when did daylight savings time start	The practice has been both praised and criticized .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Adding daylight to evenings benefits retailing , sports , and other activities that exploit sunlight after working hours , but can cause problems for evening entertainment and other occupations tied to the sun .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Although an early goal of DST was to reduce evening usage of incandescent lighting ( formerly a primary use of electricity ) , modern heating and cooling usage patterns differ greatly , and research about how DST currently affects energy use is limited or contradictory .	0
when did daylight savings time start	DST clock shifts present other challenges .	0
when did daylight savings time start	They complicate timekeeping , and can disrupt meetings , travel , billing , record keeping , medical devices , heavy equipment , and sleep patterns .	0
when did daylight savings time start	Software can often adjust computer clocks automatically , but this can be limited and error-prone , particularly when DST dates are changed .	0
what does arraignment mean	Arraignment is a formal reading of a criminal charging document in the presence of the defendant to inform the defendant of the charges against him or her .	1
what does arraignment mean	In response to arraignment , the accused is expected to enter a plea .	0
what does arraignment mean	Acceptable pleas vary among jurisdictions , but they generally include `` guilty '' , `` not guilty '' , and the peremptory pleas ( or pleas in bar ) setting out reasons why a trial can not proceed .	0
what does arraignment mean	Pleas of `` nolo contendere `` ( no contest ) and the `` Alford plea `` are allowed in some circumstances .	0
what does arraignment mean	In England , Wales , Northern Ireland and Australia , arraignment is the first of eleven stages in a criminal trial , and involves the clerk of the court reading out the indictment .	0
what does arraignment mean	The defendant is asked whether he or she pleads guilty or not guilty to each charge .	0
what does arraignment mean	In federal courts of the United States , arraignment takes place in two stages .	0
what does arraignment mean	The first is called the initial arraignment and must take place within 48 hours of an individual 's arrest , 72 hours if the individual was arrested on the weekend and not able to go before a judge until Monday .	0
what does arraignment mean	During this arraignment the defendant is informed of the pending legal charges and is informed of his or her right to retain counsel .	0
what does arraignment mean	The presiding judge also decides at what amount , if any , to set bail .	0
what does arraignment mean	During the second arraignment , a post-indictment arraignment or PIA , the defendant is allowed to enter a plea .	0
what are corporation balance	In financial accounting , a balance sheet or statement of financial position is a summary of the financial balances of a sole proprietorship , a business partnership , a corporation or other business organization , such as an LLC or an LLP .	0
what are corporation balance	Assets , liabilities and ownership equity are listed as of a specific date , such as the end of its financial year .	0
what are corporation balance	A balance sheet is often described as a `` snapshot of a company 's financial condition '' .	1
what are corporation balance	Of the four basic financial statements , the balance sheet is the only statement which applies to a single point in time of a business ' calendar year .	0
what are corporation balance	A standard company balance sheet has three parts : assets , liabilities and ownership equity .	0
what are corporation balance	The main categories of assets are usually listed first , and typically in order of liquidity .	0
what are corporation balance	Assets are followed by the liabilities .	0
what are corporation balance	The difference between the assets and the liabilities is known as equity or the net assets or the net worth or capital of the company and according to the accounting equation , net worth must equal assets minus liabilities .	0
what are corporation balance	Another way to look at the same equation is that assets equals liabilities plus owner 's equity .	0
what are corporation balance	Looking at the equation in this way shows how assets were financed : either by borrowing money ( liability ) or by using the owner 's money ( owner 's equity ) .	0
what are corporation balance	Balance sheets are usually presented with assets in one section and liabilities and net worth in the other section with the two sections `` balancing . ''	0
what are corporation balance	A business operating entirely in cash can measure its profits by withdrawing the entire bank balance at the end of the period , plus any cash in hand .	0
what are corporation balance	However , many businesses are not paid immediately ; they build up inventories of goods and they acquire buildings and equipment .	0
what are corporation balance	In other words : businesses have assets and so they can not , even if they want to , immediately turn these into cash at the end of each period .	0
what are corporation balance	Often , these businesses owe money to suppliers and to tax authorities , and the proprietors do not withdraw all their original capital and profits at the end of each period .	0
what are corporation balance	In other words businesses also have liabilities .	0
who is inventor of the radio	Many people were involved in the invention of radio as we now know it .	0
who is inventor of the radio	Several possible methods of wireless communication were considered , including inductive and capacitive induction and transmission through the ground , however the method used for radio today exclusively involves the transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves .	0
who is inventor of the radio	After early speculation on the subject , experimental work on the connection between electricity and magnetism began around 1820 with the work of Hans Christian Ørsted and continued with the work of André-Marie Ampère , Joseph Henry , and Michael Faraday .	0
who is inventor of the radio	These investigations culminated in the complete theory of electromagnetism developed by James Clerk Maxwell .	0
who is inventor of the radio	This theory described the theoretical basis of the propagation of electromagnetic waves .	0
who is inventor of the radio	After Maxwell 's theory was published many people experimented with wireless communication , some intentionally using Maxwell 's theory some not .	0
who is inventor of the radio	It is considered likely that the first intentional transmission of a signal by means of electromagnetic waves was performed by David Edward Hughes around 1880 , although this was considered to be induction at the time .	0
who is inventor of the radio	The first systematic and unequivocal transmission of EM waves was performed by Heinrich Rudolf Hertz and described in papers published in 1887 and 1890 .	1
who is inventor of the radio	Hertz famously considered these results as being of little practical value .	0
who is inventor of the radio	After Hertz 's work many people were involved in the development of components and theory involved with the transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves .	0
who is inventor of the radio	Others , notably Guglielmo Marconi , were concerned with practical improvements and the commercial application of radio to wireless telegraphy .	0
who is inventor of the radio	Later on Reginald A. Fessenden became the first to send an audio signal by means of electromagnetic waves .	0
what countries are in cono sur	Southern Cone ( , ) is a geographic region composed of the southernmost areas of South America , south of the Tropic of Capricorn .	0
what countries are in cono sur	Although geographically this includes Southern and part of Southeast ( São Paulo ) of Brazil , in terms of political geography the Southern cone has traditionally comprised Argentina , Chile , Paraguay , and Uruguay .	1
what countries are in cono sur	In the narrowest sense , it only covers Argentina , Chile and Uruguay , bounded on the north by the states of Brazil , Paraguay , Bolivia and Peru , on the west by the Pacific Ocean , and south to the junction between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans , which it is the closest continental area of Antarctica ( 1000 km ) .	1
what countries are in cono sur	High life expectancy , the highest Human Development Index of Latin America , high Standard of living , significant participation in the global markets and the emerging economy of its members make the Southern Cone the most prosperous macro-region in South America .	0
When Is Passover Over	Passover , or Pesach ( from : in Hebrew , Yiddish ) , Tiberian : , Modern Hebrew : /ˈpesaχ/ Pesah , Pesakh , Yiddish : Peysekh , Paysakh , Paysokh ) is an important Biblically -derived Jewish festival .	0
When Is Passover Over	Historically , together with Shavuot ( `` Pentecost '' ) and Sukkot ( `` Tabernacles '' ) , Passover is one of the three pilgrimage festivals ( Shalosh Regalim ) during which the entire population of the kingdom of Judah made a pilgrimage to the Temple in Jerusalem .	0
When Is Passover Over	Samaritans still make this pilgrimage to Mount Gerizim , but only men participate in public worship .	0
When Is Passover Over	Passover commences on the 15th of the Hebrew month of Nisan and lasts for either seven days ( in Israel ) or eight days ( in the diaspora ) .	0
When Is Passover Over	In Judaism , a day commences at dusk and lasts until the following dusk , thus the first day of Passover only begins after dusk of the 14th of Nisan and ends at dusk of the 15th day of the month of Nisan .	1
When Is Passover Over	The rituals unique to the Passover celebrations commence with the Passover Seder when the 15th of Nisan has begun .	0
When Is Passover Over	In the Northern Hemisphere Passover takes place in spring as the Torah prescribes it : `` in the month of [ the ] spring '' ( בחדש האביב ) .	0
When Is Passover Over	It is one of the most widely observed Jewish holidays .	0
When Is Passover Over	The Jewish people celebrate Passover as a commemoration of their liberation over 3,300 years ago by God from slavery in ancient Egypt that was ruled by the Pharaohs , and their birth as a nation under the leadership of Moses .	0
When Is Passover Over	It commemorates the story of the Exodus as described in the Hebrew Bible especially in the Book of Exodus , in which the Israelites were freed from slavery in Egypt .	0
When Is Passover Over	In the narrative of the Exodus , the Bible tells that God helped the Children of Israel escape from their slavery in Egypt by inflicting ten plagues upon the ancient Egyptians before the Pharaoh would release his Israelite slaves ; the tenth and worst of the plagues was the death of the Egyptian first-born .	0
When Is Passover Over	The Israelites were instructed to mark the doorposts of their homes with the blood of a slaughtered spring lamb and , upon seeing this , the spirit of the Lord knew to pass over the first-born in these homes , hence the name of the holiday .	0
When Is Passover Over	There is some debate over where the term is actually derived from .	0
When Is Passover Over	When the Pharaoh freed the Israelites , it is said that they left in such a hurry that they could not wait for bread dough to rise ( leaven ) .	0
When Is Passover Over	In commemoration , for the duration of Passover no leavened bread is eaten , for which reason it is called `` The Festival of the Unleavened Bread '' .	0
When Is Passover Over	Thus Matzo ( flat unleavened bread ) is eaten during Passover and it is a symbol of the holiday .	0
what are social security taxes	In the United States , Social Security refers to the Old-Age , Survivors , and Disability Insurance ( OASDI ) federal program .	0
what are social security taxes	The original Social Security Act ( 1935 ) and the current version of the Act , as amended , encompass several social welfare and social insurance programs .	0
what are social security taxes	Social Security is primarily funded through dedicated payroll taxes called Federal Insurance Contributions Act tax ( FICA ) .	0
what are social security taxes	Tax deposits are formally entrusted to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund , the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund , the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund , or the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund which comprise the Social Security Trust Fund .	1
what are social security taxes	Upward redistribution of income is responsible for about 43 % of the projected Social Security shortfall over the next 75 years .	0
what are social security taxes	According to economist Martin Feldstein , the combined spending for all social insurance programs in 2003 constituted 37 % of government expenditure and 7 % of the gross domestic product .	0
what are social security taxes	Social Security is currently estimated to keep roughly 40 percent of all Americans age 65 or older out of poverty .	0
what are social security taxes	The Social Security Administration is headquartered in Woodlawn , Maryland , just west of Baltimore .	0
what are the catholic gifts of the holy spirit	Stained glass representation of the Holy Spirit as a dove , c. 1660 .	0
what are the catholic gifts of the holy spirit	The seven gifts of the Holy Spirit is an enumeration of seven spiritual gifts originating with patristic authors , later elaborated by five intellectual virtues and four other groups of ethical characteristics .	1
what are the catholic gifts of the holy spirit	They are : wisdom , understanding , wonder and awe ( fear of the Lord ) , counsel , knowledge , fortitude , and piety ( reverence ) .	1
what the names of destiny 's child	Destiny 's Child was an American R & B girl group whose final , and perhaps most recognizable , line-up comprised Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams .	1
what the names of destiny 's child	Formed in 1990 in Houston , Texas , Destiny 's Child members began their musical endeavors as Girl 's Tyme comprising , among others , Knowles , Rowland , LaTavia Roberson and LeToya Luckett .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	After years of limited success , they were signed to Columbia Records as Destiny 's Child .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	Destiny 's Child was launched into mainstream recognition following the release of their best-selling second album , The Writing 's on the Wall , which contained the number-one singles `` Bills , Bills , Bills `` and `` Say My Name `` .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	Despite critical and commercial success , the group was plagued by internal conflict and legal turmoil , as Roberson and Luckett attempted to split from the group 's manager Mathew Knowles , citing favoritism of Knowles and Rowland , his daughter and niece , respectively .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	Both Roberson and Luckett were soon replaced with Williams and Farrah Franklin ; however , in 2000 , Franklin was dismissed , leaving them as a trio .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	Their third album , Survivor , which contains themes the public interpreted as a channel to the group 's experience , contains the worldwide hits `` Independent Women `` , `` Survivor `` and `` Bootylicious `` .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	In 2002 , they announced a hiatus and re-united two years later for the release of their fourth studio album , Destiny Fulfilled ( 2004 ) .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	Destiny 's Child has sold more than 50 million records worldwide to date .	0
what the names of destiny 's child	Billboard magazine ranks the group as one of the greatest musical trios of all time , the ninth most successful artist/band of the 2000s , and placed the group 68th in its All-Time Hot 100 Artists list in 2008 .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	New York City Cruise Liner Terminal in Hell 's Kitchen at 52nd Street .	1
where do cruises dock in new york city	The New York Passenger Ship Terminal ( also known as the Luxury Liner Row or Manhattan Cruise Terminal or New York Cruise Terminal ) is a terminal for ocean-going passenger ships on Manhattan 's west side .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The terminal consists of North River Piers 88 , 90 , 92 and 94 on the Hudson River between West 46th and West 54th Street .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	( As a general rule , pier numbers in Manhattan can be determined by adding 40 to the corresponding cross-street . )	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	Ships now dock at Piers 88 , 90 and 92 .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	Pier 94 on the north side is now used for exhibition space .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	Pier 86 , once used by United States Lines , is now home to the USS Intrepid .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	In 2003 , the terminal handled 900,000 passengers .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The city is forecasting that 1.5 million will use the terminal by 2017 .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The piers are long and apart .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	They were first completed in 1935 to replace the Chelsea Piers as the city 's luxury liner terminal .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The new terminal was built to handle bigger ships that had outgrown the Chelsea Piers .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The piers were renovated in 1970 and are currently undergoing another $ 150 million renovation .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The renovated plans call for it to handle three large ships at a time .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	In doing renovations , the city is also considering decommissioning Pier 92 .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	Logo of the New York Cruise Terminal.For	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	decades the terminal was the only ocean-going passenger terminal in New York harbor .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	With an upsurge in cruise ship traffic and the terminal 's ability to handle comfortably only three large ships at a time , two new terminals have opened in the harbor — the Cape Liberty Cruise Port opened in 2004 in Bayonne , New Jersey ( used by Royal Caribbean Cruise Line , Celebrity Cruises and Azamara Cruises ) , and the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal ( used by the Queen Mary 2 and other ships of the Carnival Corporation cruise brands ) opened in 2006 in Brooklyn , New York .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The West Side Highway takes a small jog east from the piers to below West 42nd Street because when the terminal was built land had to be taken away from Manhattan to allow for longer piers .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The US Army Corps of Engineers , who control the waterfront dimension , would not extend the pierhead line farther into the river , so the city extended the pier by cutting away at the land .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The city earlier did this for the Chelsea Piers ; however in Chelsea only landfill was taken away .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	At the Passenger Terminal actual Manhattan schist was taken away .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	From downstream in the river	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	Many major passenger ships have docked there , including the RMS Queen Mary 2 and Freedom of the Seas , before the Brooklyn and Bayonne terminals opened .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The SS Normandie caught fire and subsequently capsized at its Pier 88 berth during World War II .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The Normandie , renamed USS Lafayette , lies capsized in the frozen mud at Pier 88 in the winter of 1942	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	Norwegian Cruise Line 's soon to be newest ship the Norwegian Breakaway will sail year-round out of the New York Passenger Ship Terminal .	0
where do cruises dock in new york city	The city will spend $ 4 million to renovate and upgrade the cruise terminal to accommodate the ship .	0
what is the population of center tx	Chamber of Commerce Building in Center .	0
what is the population of center tx	This building is the original jail , built along with the Historic Courthouse .	0
what is the population of center tx	Both sit on the Town Square .	0
what is the population of center tx	The Rio Theater in Center	0
what is the population of center tx	First Baptist Church at 117 Cora Street in Center is located next to the downtown section .	0
what is the population of center tx	First Christian Church at 124 Cora Street in Center is one of the oldest congregations in the community .	0
what is the population of center tx	Center is a city in Shelby County , Texas , United States .	0
what is the population of center tx	The population was 5,193 at the 2010 census .	1
what is the population of center tx	It is the county seat of Shelby County .	0
what is the population of center tx	It is named for its location near the center of Shelby County , not for its location in Texas as it is located near the Louisiana border .	0
when was steven tyler born	Steven Tyler ( born Steven Victor Tallarico ; March 26 , 1948 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist , best known as the frontman and lead singer of the Boston -based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica , and occasional piano and percussion .	1
when was steven tyler born	He is known as the `` Demon of Screamin ' '' due to his high screams and his wide vocal range .	0
when was steven tyler born	He is also known for his on-stage acrobatics .	0
when was steven tyler born	During his high-energy performances , he usually dresses in bright , colorful outfits with his trademark scarves hanging from his microphone stand .	0
when was steven tyler born	In the 1970s , Tyler rose to prominence as the frontman of Aerosmith , which released such milestone hard rock albums as Toys in the Attic and Rocks .	0
when was steven tyler born	In the late 1970s and early 1980s , Tyler had a heavy drug and alcohol addiction , and the band 's popularity waned .	0
when was steven tyler born	He completed drug rehabilitation in 1986 and subsequently maintained sobriety for over 20 years , but had a relapse with prescription painkillers in the late 2000s , for which he successfully received treatment in 2009 .	0
when was steven tyler born	After Aerosmith launched a remarkable comeback in the late 1980s and early 1990s with the albums Permanent Vacation , Pump , and Get a Grip , Tyler became a household name and has remained a relevant rock icon .	0
when was steven tyler born	As a result , he has since embarked on several solo endeavors including guest appearances on other artists ' music , film and TV roles ( including as a judge on American Idol ) , authoring a bestselling book , and solo work ( including a Top 40 hit single in 2011 ) .	0
when was steven tyler born	However , he has continued to record music and perform with Aerosmith , after more than 43 years in the band .	0
when was steven tyler born	The band 's latest album , Music from Another Dimension !	0
when was steven tyler born	, was released on November 6 , 2012 .	0
when was steven tyler born	Tyler is included among Rolling Stones 100 Greatest Singers .	0
when was steven tyler born	He was also ranked 3rd on Hit Parader 's Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time .	0
when was steven tyler born	In 2001 he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with Aerosmith , and he was the presenter when AC/DC was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2003 .	0
when was steven tyler born	In 2013 , Tyler and his songwriting partner Joe Perry will be recipients of the ASCAP Founders Award and will also be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	Carbon-14 , 14C , or radiocarbon , is a radioactive isotope of carbon with a nucleus containing 6 protons and 8 neutrons .	1
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	Its presence in organic materials is the basis of the radiocarbon dating method pioneered by Willard Libby and colleagues ( 1949 ) to date archaeological , geological and hydrogeological samples .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	Carbon-14 was discovered on 27 February 1940 , by Martin Kamen and Sam Ruben at the University of California Radiation Laboratory in Berkeley , although its existence had been suggested by Franz Kurie in 1934 .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	There are three naturally occurring isotopes of carbon on Earth : 99 % of the carbon is carbon-12 , 1 % is carbon-13 , and carbon-14 occurs in trace amounts , i.e. , making up about 1 part per trillion ( 0.0000000001 % ) of the carbon in the atmosphere .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	The half-life of carbon-14 is 5,730±40 years .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	Carbon-14 decays into nitrogen-14 through beta decay .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	The primary natural source of carbon-14 on Earth is cosmic ray action upon nitrogen in the atmosphere , and it is therefore a cosmogenic nuclide .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	However , open-air nuclear testing between 1955–1980 contributed to this pool .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	The different isotopes of carbon do not differ appreciably in their chemical properties .	0
what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?	This is used in chemical and biological research , in a technique called carbon labeling : carbon-14 atoms can be used to replace nonradioactive carbon , in order to trace chemical and biochemical reactions involving carbon atoms from any given organic compound .	0
what is metal music about	Heavy metal ( often referred to as metal ) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s , largely in the United Kingdom and in the United States .	0
what is metal music about	With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock , the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick , massive sound , characterized by highly amplified distortion , extended guitar solos , emphatic beats , and overall loudness .	1
what is metal music about	Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are generally associated with masculinity and machismo .	1
what is metal music about	The first heavy metal bands such as Led Zeppelin , Deep Purple and Black Sabbath attracted large audiences , though they were often derided by critics , a status common throughout the history of the genre .	0
what is metal music about	In the mid-1970s Judas Priest helped spur the genre 's evolution by discarding much of its blues influence ; Motörhead introduced a punk rock sensibility and an increasing emphasis on speed .	0
what is metal music about	Bands in the New Wave of British Heavy Metal such as Iron Maiden followed in a similar vein .	0
what is metal music about	Before the end of the decade , heavy metal fans became known as `` metalheads `` or `` headbangers `` .	0
what is metal music about	During the 1980s , glam metal became a commercial force with groups like Mötley Crüe and Poison .	0
what is metal music about	Underground scenes produced an array of more extreme , aggressive styles : thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica , Megadeth , Slayer , and Anthrax , while other styles of the most extreme subgenres of metal like death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena .	0
what is metal music about	Since the mid-1990s , popular styles such as nu metal , which often incorporates elements of grunge and hip hop ; and metalcore , which blends extreme metal with hardcore punk , have further expanded the definition of the genre .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
what made the civil war different from others	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
what made the civil war different from others	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
what made the civil war different from others	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
what made the civil war different from others	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
what made the civil war different from others	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
what made the civil war different from others	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
what made the civil war different from others	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
what made the civil war different from others	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
what made the civil war different from others	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	1
what made the civil war different from others	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	Mens rea is Latin for `` guilty mind '' .	1
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In criminal law , it is viewed as one of the necessary elements of some crimes .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	The standard common law test of criminal liability is usually expressed in the Latin phrase , actus non facit reum nisi mens sit rea , which means `` the act is not culpable unless the mind is guilty '' .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	Thus , in jurisdictions with due process , there must be an actus reus , or `` guilty act , '' accompanied by some level of mens rea to constitute the crime with which the defendant is charged ( see the technical requirement of concurrence ) .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	As a general rule , criminal liability does not attach to a person who acted with the absence of mental fault .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	The exception is strict liability crimes .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In civil law , it is usually not necessary to prove a subjective mental element to establish liability for breach of contract or tort , for example .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	However , if a tort is intentionally committed or a contract is intentionally breached , such intent may increase the scope of liability as well as the measure of damages payable to the plaintiff .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	Therefore , mens rea refers to the mental element of the offence that accompanies the actus reus .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In some jurisdictions , the terms mens rea and actus reus have been replaced by alternative terminology .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	In Australia , for example , the elements of the federal offences are now designated as `` fault elements '' or `` mental elements '' ( mens rea ) and `` physical elements '' or `` external elements '' ( actus reus ) .	0
What does the term `` mens rea '' mean	This terminology was adopted to replace the obscurity of the Latin terms with simple and accurate phrasing .	0
where is Chayanne from ?	Elmer Figueroa Arce ( born June 28 , 1968 ) , best known under the stage name Chayanne , is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer and actor .	1
where is Chayanne from ?	As a solo artist , Chayanne has released 21 solo albums and sold over 15 million albums worldwide .	0
where are the internal and external iliac arteries	The external iliac arteries are two major arteries which bifurcate off the common iliac arteries anterior to the sacroiliac joint of the pelvis .	1
where are the internal and external iliac arteries	They proceed anterior and inferior along the medial border of the psoas major muscles .	0
where are the internal and external iliac arteries	They exit the pelvic girdle posterior and inferior to the inguinal ligament about one third laterally from the insertion point of the inguinal ligament on the pubic tubercle at which point they are referred to as the femoral arteries .	0
where are the internal and external iliac arteries	The external iliac artery is usually the artery used to attach the renal artery to the recipient of a kidney transplant .	0
when did lucy stone died	Lucy Stone ( August 13 , 1818 – October 19 , 1893 ) was a prominent American abolitionist and suffragist , and a vocal advocate and organizer promoting rights for women .	1
when did lucy stone died	In 1847 , Stone became the first woman from Massachusetts to earn a college degree .	0
when did lucy stone died	She spoke out for women 's rights and against slavery at a time when women were discouraged and prevented from public speaking .	0
when did lucy stone died	Stone was the first recorded American woman to retain her own last name after marriage .	0
when did lucy stone died	Stone 's organizational activities for the cause of women 's rights yielded tangible gains in the difficult political environment of the 19th century .	0
when did lucy stone died	Stone helped initiate the first National Women 's Rights Convention and she supported and sustained it annually along with a number of other local , state and regional activist conventions .	0
when did lucy stone died	Stone spoke in front of a number of legislative bodies to promote laws giving more rights to women .	0
when did lucy stone died	She assisted in establishing the Woman 's National Loyal League to help pass the Thirteenth Amendment and thereby abolish slavery , after which she helped form the largest group of like-minded women 's rights reformers , the politically moderate American Woman Suffrage Association , which worked for decades at the state level in favor of women 's right to vote .	0
when did lucy stone died	Stone wrote extensively about a wide range of women 's rights , publishing and distributing speeches by herself and others , and convention proceedings .	0
when did lucy stone died	In the long-running and influential Woman 's Journal , a weekly periodical that she established and promoted , Stone aired both her own and differing views about women 's rights .	0
when did lucy stone died	Called `` the orator '' and `` the morning star of the woman 's rights movement '' , Stone delivered a speech which sparked Susan B. Anthony to take up the cause of women 's suffrage .	0
when did lucy stone died	Elizabeth Cady Stanton wrote that `` Lucy Stone was the first person by whom the heart of the American public was deeply stirred on the woman question . ''	0
when did lucy stone died	Together , Anthony , Stanton , and Stone have been called the 19th century `` triumvirate `` of women 's suffrage and feminism .	0
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	Cluster sampling is a sampling technique used when `` natural '' but relatively homogeneous groupings are evident in a statistical population .	1
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	It is often used in marketing research .	0
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	In this technique , the total population is divided into these groups ( or clusters ) and a simple random sample of the groups is selected .	0
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	Then the required information is collected from a simple random sample of the elements within each selected group .	0
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	This may be done for every element in these groups or a subsample of elements may be selected within each of these groups .	0
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	A common motivation for cluster sampling is to reduce the total number of interviews and costs given the desired accuracy .	0
what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling	Assuming a fixed sample size , the technique gives more accurate results when most of the variation in the population is within the groups , not between them .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Periodic table with electron shells	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	An electron shell may be thought of as an orbit followed by electrons around an atom 's nucleus .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	The closest shell to the nucleus is called the `` 1 shell '' ( also called `` K shell '' ) , followed by the `` 2 shell '' ( or `` L shell '' ) , then the `` 3 shell '' ( or `` M shell '' ) , and so on farther and farther from the nucleus .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	The shell letters K , L , M , ... , used in the X-ray notation , are alphabetical .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Each shell can contain only a fixed number of electrons : The 1st shell can hold up to two electrons , the 2nd shell can hold up to eight electrons , the 3rd shell can hold up to 18 , and 4th shell can hold up to 32 and so on .	1
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Since electrons are electrically attracted to the nucleus , an atom 's electrons will generally occupy outer shells only if the more inner shells have already been completely filled by other electrons .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	However , this is not a strict requirement : Atoms may have two or even three incomplete outer shells .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	( See Madelung rule for more details . )	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	For an explanation of why electrons exist in these shells see electron configuration .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	The electrons in the outermost occupied shell ( or shells ) determine the chemical properties of the atom ; it is called the valence shell .	0
how are the # of electrons in each shell determined	Each shell consists of one or more subshells , and each subshell consists of one or more atomic orbitals .	0
what is the location of coldwater ms	Coldwater is a small town in Tate County , Mississippi .	1
what is the location of coldwater ms	It is in the Memphis Metropolitan Area .	1
what is the location of coldwater ms	The population was 1,674 at the 2000 census .	0
what are the names of the ll divos	Il Divo is an English multinational operatic pop vocal group created by music manager , executive , and reality TV star Simon Cowell .	0
what are the names of the ll divos	Formed in the United Kingdom , they are also signed to Cowell 's record label , Syco Music .	0
what are the names of the ll divos	Il Divo is a group of four male singers : French pop singer Sébastien Izambard , Spanish baritone Carlos Marín , American tenor David Miller , and Swiss tenor Urs Bühler .	1
what are the names of the ll divos	To date , they have sold more than 26 million albums worldwide .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	Jakarta ( ) , officially known as the Special Capital Region of Jakarta ( ) , is the capital and largest city of Indonesia .	1
what state is jakarta in ?	Located on the northwest coast of Java , Jakarta is the country 's economic , cultural and political centre , and with a population of 10,187,595 as of November 2011 , it is the most populous city in Indonesia and in Southeast Asia , and is the thirteenth most populated city in the world .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	The official metropolitan area , known as Jabodetabek ( a name formed by combining the initial syllables of Jakarta , Bogor , Depok , Tangerang and Bekasi ) , is the second largest in the world , yet the metropolis 's suburbs still continue beyond it .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	Jakarta is listed as a global city in the 2008 Globalization and World Cities Study Group and Network ( GaWC ) research .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	and has an area of .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	This area has population of well over 28 million , making it one of the world 's largest conurbations in terms of number of inhabitants .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	In 2011 , Jakarta ranked 17th among the world 's 200 largest cities , a jump from its 2007 ranking of 171 .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	Jakarta has grown more rapidly than Kuala Lumpur , Beijing and Bangkok .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	Established in the fourth century , the city became an important trading port for the Kingdom of Sunda .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	It was the de facto capital of the Dutch East Indies ( when it was known as Batavia ) and has continued as the capital of Indonesia since the country 's independence was declared in 1945 .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	The city is the seat of the ASEAN Secretariat .	0
what state is jakarta in ?	Jakarta is served by the Soekarno–Hatta International Airport , Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport , and Tanjung Priok Harbour ; it is connected by several intercity and commuter railways , and served by several bus lines running on reserved busways .	0
when monopoly came out	The five sets of the board game Monopoly depicted here show the evolution of the game 's artwork and designs in the United States from 1935–2005 .	0
when monopoly came out	The history of the board game Monopoly can be traced back to the early 20th century .	0
when monopoly came out	The earliest known design was by the American , Elizabeth Magie , patented in 1904 but existing as early as 1902 .	1
when monopoly came out	Magie 's original intent was to publish a board game to illustrate an economic principle , namely the Georgist concept of a single land value tax .	0
when monopoly came out	A series of board games were developed from 1906 through the 1930s that involved the buying and selling of land and the development of that land .	0
when monopoly came out	By 1934 , a board game had been created much like the version of Monopoly sold by Parker Brothers and its related companies through the rest of the 20th century , and into the 21st .	0
when monopoly came out	Several people , mostly in the Midwestern United States and near the East Coast , contributed to the game 's design and evolution .	0
when monopoly came out	By the 1970s , the idea that the game had been created solely by Charles Darrow had become popular folklore ; it was printed in the game 's instructions for many years , in a 1974 book devoted to Monopoly , and was cited in a general book about toys even as recently as 2007 .	0
when monopoly came out	Even a guide to family games published for Reader 's Digest in 2003 only gave credit to Darrow and Elizabeth Magie , erroneously stating that Magie 's original game was created in the 1800s , and not acknowledging any of the game 's development between Magie 's creation of the game , and the eventual publication by Parker Brothers .	0
when monopoly came out	Also in the 1970s , Professor Ralph Anspach , who had himself published a board game intended to illustrate the principles of both monopolies and trust busting , fought Parker Brothers and its then parent company , General Mills , over the trademarks of the Monopoly board game .	0
when monopoly came out	Through the research of Anspach and others , much of the early history of the game was `` rediscovered '' .	0
when monopoly came out	Anspach confronted Maxine Brady , author of the 1974 book The Monopoly Book : Strategy and Tactics of the World 's Most Popular Game over the actual history of the game on Barry Farber 's New York City talk show in 1975 .	0
when monopoly came out	Because of the lengthy court process , including appeals , the legal status of Parker Brothers ' trademarks on the game was not settled until 1985 .	0
when monopoly came out	The game 's name remains a registered trademark of Parker Brothers , as do its specific design elements .	0
when monopoly came out	At the conclusion of the court case , the game 's logo and graphic design elements became part of a larger Monopoly brand , licensed by Parker Brothers ' parent companies onto a variety of items through the present day .	0
when monopoly came out	Despite the `` rediscovery '' of the board game 's early history in the 1970s and 1980s , and several books and journal articles on the subject , Hasbro ( Parker Brothers ' current parent company ) did not acknowledge any of the game 's history before Charles Darrow on its official Monopoly website as recently as June 2012 .	0
when monopoly came out	Nor did Hasbro acknowledge anyone other than Darrow in materials published or sponsored by them , at least as recently as 2006 .	0
when monopoly came out	International tournaments , first held in the early 1970s , continue to the present , with the next world championship likely scheduled for 2013 .	0
when monopoly came out	Starting in 1985 , a new generation of spin-off board games and card games appeared on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean .	0
when monopoly came out	In 1989 , the first of many video game and computer game editions was published .	0
when monopoly came out	Since 1994 , many official variants of the game , based on locations other than Atlantic City , New Jersey ( the official U.S. setting ) or London ( the official Commonwealth setting , excepting Canada ) , have been published by Hasbro or its licensees .	0
when monopoly came out	In 2008 , Hasbro permanently changed the color scheme and some of the gameplay of the standard U.S . Edition of the game to match the UK Edition , although the U.S. standard edition maintains the Atlantic City property names .	0
when monopoly came out	Hasbro also modified the official logo to give the `` Mr . Monopoly '' character a 3-D computer-generated look , which has since been adopted by licensees USAopoly , Winning Moves and Winning Solutions .	0
when monopoly came out	And Hasbro has also been including the Speed Die , introduced in 2006 's Monopoly : The Mega Edition by Winning Moves Games , in versions produced directly by Hasbro ( such as the 2009 Championship Edition ) .	0
what is the minimalist trend	Minimalism describes movements in various forms of art and design , especially visual art and music , where the work is set out to expose the essence or identity of a subject through eliminating all non-essential forms , features or concepts .	1
what is the minimalist trend	Minimalism is any design or style in which the simplest and fewest elements are used to create the maximum effect .	0
what is the minimalist trend	As a specific movement in the arts it is identified with developments in post–World War II Western Art , most strongly with American visual arts in the 1960s and early 1970s .	0
what is the minimalist trend	Prominent artists associated with this movement include Donald Judd , John McCracken , Agnes Martin , Dan Flavin , Robert Morris , Anne Truitt , and Frank Stella .	0
what is the minimalist trend	It is rooted in the reductive aspects of Modernism , and is often interpreted as a reaction against Abstract expressionism and a bridge to Postminimal art practices .	0
what is the minimalist trend	The terms have expanded to encompass a movement in music which features repetition and iteration , as in the compositions of La Monte Young , Terry Riley , Steve Reich , Philip Glass , and John Adams .	0
what is the minimalist trend	Minimalist compositions are sometimes known as systems music .	0
what is the minimalist trend	The term `` minimalist '' is often applied colloquially to designate anything that is spare or stripped to its essentials .	0
what is the minimalist trend	It has also been used to describe the plays and novels of Samuel Beckett , the films of Robert Bresson , the stories of Raymond Carver , and even the automobile designs of Colin Chapman .	0
what is the minimalist trend	The word was first used in English in the early 20th century to describe the Mensheviks .	0
when was the great fire in chicago	Artist 's rendering of the fire , by John R. Chapin , originally printed in Harper 's Weekly ; the view faces northeast across the Randolph Street Bridge .	0
when was the great fire in chicago	The Great Chicago Fire was a conflagration that burned from Sunday , October 8 , to early Tuesday , October 10 , 1871 , killing hundreds and destroying about in Chicago , Illinois .	1
when was the great fire in chicago	Though the fire was one of the largest U.S. disasters of the 19th century , the rebuilding that began helped develop Chicago as one of the most populous and economically important American cities .	0
what states are on the east coast	The East Coast of the United States , also known as the Eastern Seaboard or the Atlantic Seaboard and commonly shortened to East Coast , refers to the easternmost coast of the United States along the Atlantic Ocean .	0
what states are on the east coast	The states which have shoreline on the East Coast are , from north to south , the U.S. states of Maine , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , and Florida .	1
what is a discipline of study	An academic discipline , or field of study , is a branch of knowledge that is taught and researched at the college or university level .	1
what is a discipline of study	Disciplines are defined ( in part ) , and recognized by the academic journals in which research is published , and the learned societies and academic departments or faculties to which their practitioners belong .	1
what is a discipline of study	However , there exists no formal criteria for when educational programs and scholarly journals form an academic discipline .	0
what is a discipline of study	A huge difference exists between , on the one hand , well established disciplines that exist in almost all universities all over the world , have a long history , and have a well established set of journals and conferences , and , on the other hand , suggestions for new fields supported only by few universities and publications .	0
what is a discipline of study	Fields of study usually have several sub-disciplines or branches , and the distinguishing lines between these are often both arbitrary and ambiguous .	0
how many percent is a basis point	A basis point ( often denoted as bp , colloquially referred to in the plural as `` bips '' , also known as a `` beep '' ) is a unit equal to one hundredth of a percentage point , or one part per ten thousand , 1/10000 .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The same unit is also ( rarely ) called a permyriad , literally meaning 'for ( every ) myriad ( ten thousand ) ' , and in that context is written with which looks like a percent sign ( % ) with two extra zeroes at the end ( like a stylized form of the four zeros in the denominator , although it originates as a natural extension of the percent ( % ) and permille ( ‰ ) signs ) .	0
how many percent is a basis point	A basis point is defined as:	0
how many percent is a basis point	1 basis point = 1 permyriad = one one-hundredth percent	1
how many percent is a basis point	1 bp = 1 = 0.01 % = 0.1‰ = 10−4 = = 0.0001	1
how many percent is a basis point	1 % = 100 bp = 100	0
how many percent is a basis point	Basis points are used as a convenient unit of measurement in contexts where percentage differences of less than 1 % are discussed .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The most common example is interest rates , where differences in interest rates of less than 1 % per year are usually meaningful to talk about .	0
how many percent is a basis point	For example , a difference of 0.10 percentage points is equivalent to a change of 10 basis points ( e.g . a 4.67 % rate increases by 10 basis points to 4.77 % ) .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Like percentage points , basis points avoid the ambiguity between relative and absolute discussions about interest rates by dealing only with the absolute change in numeric value of a rate .	0
how many percent is a basis point	For example , if a report says there has been a `` 1 % increase '' from a 10 % interest rate , this could refer to an increase either from 10 % to 10.1 % ( relative , 1 % of 10 % ) , or from 10 % to 11 % ( absolute , 1 % plus 10 % ) .	0
how many percent is a basis point	If , however , the report says there has been a `` 10 basis point increase '' from a 10 % interest rate , then we know that the interest rate of 10 % has increased by 0.10 % ( the absolute change ) to a 10.1 % rate .	0
how many percent is a basis point	It is common practice in the financial industry to use basis points to denote a rate change in a financial instrument , or the difference ( spread ) between two interest rates , including the yields of fixed-income securities .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Since certain loans and bonds may commonly be quoted in relation to some index or underlying security , they will often be quoted as a spread over ( or under ) the index .	0
how many percent is a basis point	For example , a loan that bears interest of 0.50 % per annum above the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) is said to be 50 basis points over LIBOR , which is commonly expressed as `` L+50bps '' or simply `` L+50 '' .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The term `` basis point '' has its origins in trading the `` basis '' or the spread between two interest rates .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Since the basis is usually small , these are quoted multiplied up by 10000 , and hence a `` full point '' movement in the `` basis '' is a basis point .	0
how many percent is a basis point	Contrast with pips in FX forward markets .	0
how many percent is a basis point	The relationship between percentage changes and basis points can be summarized as follows : 1 percentage point change = 100 basis points , and 0.01 percentage points = 1 basis point .	1
how many percent is a basis point	So , a bond whose yield increases from 5 % to 5.5 % is said to increase by 50 basis points ; or interest rates that have risen 1 percentage point are said to have increased by 100 basis points .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Electoral College map showing the results of the 2012 U.S. presidential election .	0
when does the electoral college votes	President Barack Obama ( D - IL ) won the popular vote in 26 states and the District of Columbia ( denoted in blue ) to capture 332 electoral votes .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Former Governor Mitt Romney ( R - MA ) won the popular vote in 24 states ( denoted in red ) to capture 206 electoral votes .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Cartogram representation of the Electoral College vote for the 2012 election , with each square representing one electoral vote .	0
when does the electoral college votes	The United States Electoral College is the institution that officially elects the President and Vice President of the United States every four years .	1
when does the electoral college votes	The President and Vice President are not elected directly by the voters .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Instead , they are elected by `` electors '' who are chosen by popular vote on a state-by-state basis .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Electors are apportioned to each state and the District of Columbia , but not to territorial possessions of the United States , such as Puerto Rico and Guam .	0
when does the electoral college votes	The number of electors in each state is equal to the number of members of Congress to which the state is entitled .	0
when does the electoral college votes	The Twenty-third Amendment has always resulted in the District of Columbia having three electors .	0
when does the electoral college votes	There are 538 electors , based on there being 435 representatives and 100 senators , plus the three electors from the District of Columbia .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Electors are pledged to particular presidential and vice presidential candidates , though unpledged electors are possible .	0
when does the electoral college votes	In all states , except Maine and Nebraska , electors are elected on a `` winner-take-all '' basis .	0
when does the electoral college votes	That is , all electors pledged to the presidential candidate who wins the most votes in a state become electors for that state .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Maine and Nebraska use the `` congressional district method '' , selecting one elector within each congressional district by popular vote and selecting the remaining two electors by a statewide popular vote .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Although no elector is required by federal law to honor a pledge , there have only been very few occasions when an elector voted contrary to a pledge .	0
when does the electoral college votes	The Twelfth Amendment specifies how a President and Vice President are elected and requires each elector to cast one vote for President and another vote for Vice President .	0
when does the electoral college votes	Critics argue that the Electoral College is inherently undemocratic and gives swing states disproportionate influence in electing the President and Vice President .	0
when does the electoral college votes	The Electoral College gives a numeric advantage in the election of the president to the smaller states , as the minimum number of electors for the small states is three compared to one for the election of representatives .	0
when does the electoral college votes	On the other hand , the winner-take-all method of voting favors the larger states .	0
when does the electoral college votes	A number of constitutional amendments have been proposed seeking to alter the Electoral College or replace it with a direct popular vote .	0
what is the @ sign called ?	The at sign @ is also commonly called the at symbol , ampersat , apetail or commercial at in English—and less commonly a wide range of other terms .	1
what is the @ sign called ?	The fact that there is no single word in English for the symbol has prompted some writers to use the French arobase or Spanish and Portuguese arroba—or to coin new words such as asperand , ampersat—but none of these has achieved wide currency .	0
what is the @ sign called ?	Originally an accounting and commercial invoice abbreviation meaning `` at the rate of '' ( e.g . 7 widgets @ $ 2 = $ 14 ) , it was not included on the keyboard of the earliest commercially successful typewriters , but was on at least one 1889 model and the very successful Underwood models from the `` Underwood No . 5 '' in 1900 onward .	0
what is the @ sign called ?	It is now universally included on computer keyboards .	0
what is the @ sign called ?	In recent years , its meaning has grown to include the sense of being `` located at , '' `` and , '' or `` directed at '' , especially in email addresses and social media , particularly Twitter .	0
what is the @ sign called ?	The mark is encoded at .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev ( – September 11 , 1971 ) led the Soviet Union during part of the Cold War .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	He served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 , and as Chairman of the Council of Ministers , or Premier , from 1958 to 1964 .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Khrushchev was responsible for the partial de-Stalinization of the Soviet Union , for backing the progress of the early Soviet space program , and for several relatively liberal reforms in areas of domestic policy .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Khrushchev 's party colleagues removed him from power in 1964 , replacing him with Leonid Brezhnev as First Secretary and Alexei Kosygin as Premier .	1
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Khrushchev was born in the Russian village of Kalinovka in 1894 , close to the present-day border between Russia and Ukraine .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	He was employed as a metalworker in his youth , and during the Russian Civil War was a political commissar .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	With the help of Lazar Kaganovich , he worked his way up the Soviet hierarchy .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	He supported Joseph Stalin 's purges , and approved thousands of arrests .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	In 1939 , Stalin sent him to govern Ukraine , and he continued the purges there .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	During what was known in the Soviet Union as the Great Patriotic War ( Eastern Front of World War II ) , Khrushchev was again a commissar , serving as an intermediary between Stalin and his generals .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Khrushchev was present at the bloody defense of Stalingrad , a fact he took great pride in throughout his life .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	After the war , he returned to Ukraine before being recalled to Moscow as one of Stalin 's close advisers .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	In the power struggle triggered by Stalin 's death in 1953 , Khrushchev , after several years , emerged victorious .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	On February 25 , 1956 , at the 20th Party Congress , he delivered the `` Secret Speech , '' denouncing Stalin 's purges and ushering in a less repressive era in the Soviet Union .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	His domestic policies , aimed at bettering the lives of ordinary citizens , were often ineffective , especially in the area of agriculture .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Hoping eventually to rely on missiles for national defense , Khrushchev ordered major cuts in conventional forces .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Despite the cuts , Khrushchev 's rule saw the tensest years of the Cold War , culminating in the Cuban Missile Crisis .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Some of Khrushchev 's policies were seen as erratic , particularly by his emerging rivals , who quietly rose in strength and deposed him in October 1964 .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	He did not suffer the deadly fate of some previous losers of Soviet power struggles , but was pensioned off with an apartment in Moscow and a dacha in the countryside .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	His lengthy memoirs were smuggled to the West and published in part in 1970 .	0
who replaced nikita khrushchev	Khrushchev died in 1971 of heart disease .	0
what is in the preamble of the constitution	The Preamble to the United States Constitution is a brief introductory statement of the Constitution 's fundamental purposes and guiding principles .	1
what is in the preamble of the constitution	It states in general terms , and courts have referred to it as reliable evidence of , the Founding Fathers ' intentions regarding the Constitution 's meaning and what they hoped the Constitution would achieve as it pertains to all of the people of the United States .	0
what is in the preamble of the constitution	As the phrase , `` we the people '' suggests that the new government originates from the people of the United States and it sets into motion a question as it pertains to that vast population concerning the individual rights and equality among all people ; this can be seen most broadly in the divide between republicanism and social democracy .	0
when did xbox release	The Xbox is a video game console manufactured by Microsoft .	0
when did xbox release	It was released on November 15 , 2001 in North America , February 22 , 2002 in Japan , and March 14 , 2002 in Australia and Europe .	1
when did xbox release	It was Microsoft 's first foray into the gaming console market .	0
when did xbox release	As part of the sixth-generation of gaming , the Xbox competed with Sony 's PlayStation 2 , Sega 's Dreamcast ( which stopped American sales before the Xbox went on sale ) , and Nintendo 's GameCube .	0
when did xbox release	The Xbox was the first console offered by an American company after the Atari Jaguar stopped sales in 1996 .	0
when did xbox release	The integrated Xbox Live service launched in November 2002 allowed players to play games online with a broadband connection .	0
when did xbox release	It first competed with Dreamcast 's online service but later primarily competed with PlayStation 2 's online service .	0
when did xbox release	Although these two are free while Xbox Live required a subscription , as well as broadband-only connection which was not completely adopted yet , Xbox Live was a success due to better servers , features such as a buddy list , and milestone titles like Halo 2 released in November 2004 , which is the best-selling Xbox video game and was by far the most popular online game for years .	0
when did xbox release	Xbox 's successor , the Xbox 360 , was launched in November 2005 .	0
when did xbox release	The Xbox was discontinued in late 2005 in Japan where sales were poor .	0
when did xbox release	It was discontinued in late 2006 in Europe and early 2007 in North America .	0
when did xbox release	The last Xbox game in Europe was Tony Hawk 's Project 8 released in November 2006 , and the last game in North America was Madden NFL 09 released in August 2008 .	0
when did xbox release	Support for out-of-warranty Xbox consoles was discontinued on March 2 , 2009 , stating that any in-warranty repair now needed will not be undertaken .	0
when did xbox release	Xbox access to Xbox Live was stopped on April 15 , 2010 .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Freedom of speech is the political right to communicate one 's opinions and ideas using one 's body and property to anyone who is willing to receive them .	1
what does freedom of speech cover	The term freedom of expression is sometimes used synonymously , but includes any act of seeking , receiving and imparting information or ideas , regardless of the medium used .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	In practice , the right to freedom of speech is not absolute in any country and the right is commonly subject to limitations , as with libel , slander , obscenity , sedition ( including , for example inciting ethnic hatred ) , copyright violation , revelation of information that is classified or otherwise .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	The right to freedom of expression is recognized as a human right under Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and recognized in international human rights law in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Article 19 of the ICCPR states that `` [ e ] veryone shall have the right to hold opinions without interference '' and `` everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression ; this right shall include freedom to seek , receive and impart information and ideas of all kinds , regardless of frontiers , either orally , in writing or in print , in the form of art , or through any other media of his choice '' .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Article 19 goes on to say that the exercise of these rights carries `` special duties and responsibilities `` and may `` therefore be subject to certain restrictions '' when necessary `` [ f ] or respect of the rights or reputation of others '' or `` [ f ] or the protection of national security or of public order ( order public ) , or of public health or morals '' .	0
what does freedom of speech cover	Freedom of speech may be legally curtailed in some religious legal systems and in secular jurisdictions where it is found to cause religious offense , such as the British Racial and Religious Hatred Act 2006 .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	An example of rack mounted servers	0
what is a hosting company on a website	A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that allows individuals and organizations to make their website accessible via the World Wide Web .	1
what is a hosting company on a website	Web hosts are companies that provide space on a server owned or leased for use by clients , as well as providing Internet connectivity , typically in a data center .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Web hosts can also provide data center space and connectivity to the Internet for other servers located in their data center , called colocation , also known as Housing in Latin America or France .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	The scope of web hosting services varies greatly .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	The most basic is web page and small-scale file hosting , where files can be uploaded via File Transfer Protocol ( FTP ) or a Web interface .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	The files are usually delivered to the Web `` as is '' or with minimal processing .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Many Internet service providers ( ISPs ) offer this service free to subscribers .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Individuals and organizations may also obtain Web page hosting from alternative service providers .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Personal web site hosting is typically free , advertisement-sponsored , or inexpensive .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Business web site hosting often has a higher expense depending upon the size and type of the website .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Single page hosting is generally sufficient for personal web pages .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	A complex site calls for a more comprehensive package that provides database support and application development platforms ( e.g . PHP , Java , Ruby on Rails , ColdFusion , or ASP.NET ) .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	These facilities allow customers to write or install scripts for applications like forums and content management .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Also , Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) is typically used for e-commerce .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	The host may also provide an interface or control panel for managing the Web server and installing scripts , as well as other modules and service applications like e-mail .	0
what is a hosting company on a website	Some hosts specialize in certain software or services ( e.g . e-commerce ) , which are commonly used by larger companies that outsource network infrastructure .	0
what is a forward in soccer	A New Zealand forward ( in white ) takes a shot on goal against Cameroon in the 2011 FIFA U-20 World Cup .	0
what is a forward in soccer	Forwards , also known as strikers , are the players on a team in association football who play nearest to the opposing team 's goal , and are therefore principally responsible for scoring goals .	1
what is a forward in soccer	This very advanced position and its limited defensive responsibilities mean forwards normally score more goals than other players .	0
what is a forward in soccer	This position requires intelligence , speed , and power , both of execution and of thought , to perform the role well .	0
what is a forward in soccer	Modern team formations usually include one to three forwards ; two is the most common .	0
what is a forward in soccer	Coaches typically field one striker who plays in an advanced position ( the centre forward ) , and another attacking forward who plays somewhat deeper and assists in making goals as well as scoring ( the second striker ) .	0
what is a forward in soccer	It should be noted that inside forwards develop from attacking midfield positions and hence are naturally midfielders .	0
what is a forward in soccer	Barcelona FC star Lionel Messi is a typical Attacking Midfielder seen as a forward due to his shot accuracy .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	DVD-Video is a consumer video format used to store digital video on DVD discs , and is currently the dominant consumer video format in Asia , North America , Europe , and Australia .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	Discs using the DVD-Video specification require a DVD drive and an H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 decoder ( e.g. , a DVD player , or a computer DVD drive with a software DVD player ) .	1
what video format will play in a DVD player	Commercial DVD movies are encoded using a combination of H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 compressed video and audio of varying formats ( often multi-channel formats as described below ) .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	Typically , the data rate for DVD movies ranges from 3 Mbit/s to 9.5 Mbit/s , and the bit rate is usually adaptive .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	It was first available for retail around 1997 .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	The DVD-Video specification was created by DVD Forum and can be obtained from DVD Format/Logo Licensing Corporation for a fee of $ 5,000 .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	The specification is not publicly available , because every subscriber must sign a non-disclosure agreement .	0
what video format will play in a DVD player	Certain information in the DVD Book is proprietary and confidential .	0
what is the title of Hobbes main work	Thomas Hobbes of Malmesbury ( 5 April 1588 – 4 December 1679 ) , in some older texts Thomas Hobbs of Malmsbury , was an English philosopher , best known today for his work on political philosophy .	0
what is the title of Hobbes main work	His 1651 book Leviathan established the foundation for most of Western political philosophy from the perspective of social contract theory .	1
what is the title of Hobbes main work	Hobbes was a champion of absolutism for the sovereign , but he also developed some of the fundamentals of European liberal thought : the right of the individual ; the natural equality of all men ; the artificial character of the political order ( which led to the later distinction between civil society and the state ) ; the view that all legitimate political power must be `` representative '' and based on the consent of the people ; and a liberal interpretation of law which leaves people free to do whatever the law does not explicitly forbid .	0
what is the title of Hobbes main work	He was one of the founders of modern political philosophy .	0
what is the title of Hobbes main work	His understanding of humans as being matter and motion , obeying the same physical laws as other matter and motion , remains influential ; and his account of human nature as self-interested cooperation , and of political communities as being based upon a `` social contract `` remains one of the major topics of political philosophy .	0
what is the title of Hobbes main work	In addition to political philosophy , Hobbes also contributed to a diverse array of other fields , including history , geometry , the physics of gases , theology , ethics , and general philosophy .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( or ; January 30 , 1882 – April 12 , 1945 ) , also known by his initials , FDR , was the 32nd President of the United States ( 1933–1945 ) and a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century , leading the United States during a time of worldwide economic depression and total war .	1
when was fdr elected as president	A dominant leader of the Democratic Party and the only American president elected to more than two terms , he built a New Deal Coalition that realigned American politics after 1932 , as his domestic policies defined American liberalism for the middle third of the 20th century .	0
when was fdr elected as president	With the bouncy popular song `` Happy Days Are Here Again `` as his campaign theme , FDR defeated incumbent Republican Herbert Hoover in November 1932 , at the depth of the Great Depression .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Energized by his personal victory over polio , FDR 's unfailing optimism and activism contributed to a renewal of the national spirit .	0
when was fdr elected as president	He worked closely with British Prime Minister Winston Churchill and Soviet General Secretary Joseph Stalin in leading the Allies against Germany and Japan in World War II , and restoring prosperity to the nation 's economy .	0
when was fdr elected as president	In his first hundred days in office , which began March 4 , 1933 , Roosevelt spearheaded major legislation and issued a profusion of executive orders that instituted the New Deal —a variety of programs designed to produce relief ( government jobs for the unemployed ) , recovery ( economic growth ) , and reform ( through regulation of Wall Street , banks and transportation ) .	0
when was fdr elected as president	The economy improved rapidly from 1933 to 1937 , but then relapsed into a deep recession .	0
when was fdr elected as president	The bipartisan Conservative Coalition that formed in 1937 prevented his packing the Supreme Court or passing any considerable legislation ; it abolished many of the relief programs when unemployment diminished during World War II .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Most of the regulations on business were ended about 1975–85 , except for the regulation of Wall Street by the Securities and Exchange Commission , which still exists .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Along with several smaller programs , major surviving programs include the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , which was created in 1933 , and Social Security , which Congress passed in 1935 .	0
when was fdr elected as president	As World War II loomed after 1938 , with the Japanese invasion of China and the aggression of Nazi Germany , FDR gave strong diplomatic and financial support to China and Great Britain , while remaining officially neutral .	0
when was fdr elected as president	His goal was to make America the `` Arsenal of Democracy `` which would supply munitions to the Allies .	0
when was fdr elected as president	In March 1941 , Roosevelt , with Congressional approval , provided Lend-Lease aid to the countries fighting against Nazi Germany with Britain .	0
when was fdr elected as president	With very strong national support , he made war on Japan and Germany after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7 , 1941 , calling it a `` date which will live in infamy `` .	0
when was fdr elected as president	He supervised the mobilization of the U.S. economy to support the Allied war effort .	0
when was fdr elected as president	As an active military leader , Roosevelt implemented an overall war strategy on two fronts that ended in the defeat of the Axis Powers and the development of the world 's first atom bomb .	0
when was fdr elected as president	In 1942 Roosevelt ordered the internment of 100,000 Japanese American civilians .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Unemployment dropped to 2 % , relief programs largely ended , and the industrial economy grew rapidly to new heights as millions of people moved to new jobs in war centers , and 16 million men and 300,000 women were drafted or volunteered for military service .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Roosevelt dominated the American political scene not only during the twelve years of his presidency , but also for decades afterward .	0
when was fdr elected as president	He orchestrated the realignment of voters that created the Fifth Party System .	0
when was fdr elected as president	FDR 's New Deal Coalition united labor unions , big city machines , white ethnics , African Americans and rural white Southerners .	0
when was fdr elected as president	He also influenced the later creation of the United Nations and Bretton Woods .	0
when was fdr elected as president	Roosevelt is consistently rated by scholars as one of the top three U.S. Presidents , along with Abraham Lincoln and George Washington .	0
when was fdr elected as president	A liberal Democrat , Roosevelt defined his ideological position as `` a little left of center . ''	0
what channel is letterman on	Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS .	1
what channel is letterman on	The show debuted on August 30 , 1993 , and is produced by Letterman 's production company , Worldwide Pants Incorporated .	0
what channel is letterman on	The show 's music director and band-leader of the house band , the CBS Orchestra , is Paul Shaffer .	0
what channel is letterman on	The head writer is Matt Roberts and the announcer is Alan Kalter .	0
what channel is letterman on	Of the major U.S. late-night programs , Late Show ranks second in cumulative average viewers over time and third in number of episodes over time .	0
what channel is letterman on	The show leads other late night shows in ad revenue with $ 271 million in 2009 .	0
what channel is letterman on	In most U.S. markets the show airs at 11:35 p.m. Eastern/Pacific time , but is recorded Monday through Wednesday at 4:30 p.m. , and Thursdays at 3:30 p.m and 6:00 p.m .	0
what channel is letterman on	The second Thursday episode usually airs on Friday of that week .	0
what channel is letterman on	In 2002 , Late Show with David Letterman was ranked No . 7 on TV Guide 's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time .	0
what channel is letterman on	CBS has a contract with Worldwide Pants to continue the show through 2014 ; by then , Letterman will surpass Johnny Carson as the longest tenured late-night talk show host .	0
what is spelt flour	Spelt , also known as dinkel wheat , or hulled wheat , is an ancient species of wheat from the fifth millennium BC .	1
what is spelt flour	Spelt was an important staple in parts of Europe from the Bronze Age to medieval times ; it now survives as a relict crop in Central Europe and northern Spain and has found a new market as a health food .	0
what is spelt flour	Spelt is sometimes considered a subspecies of the closely related species common wheat ( T. aestivum ) , in which case its botanical name is considered to be Triticum aestivum subsp . spelta .	0
what is spelt flour	It is a hexaploid wheat , which means it has six sets of chromosomes .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	A financial audit , or more accurately , an audit of financial statements , is the verification of the financial statements of a legal entity , with a view to express an audit opinion .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	The audit opinion is intended to provide reasonable assurance , but not absolute assurance , that the financial statements are presented fairly , in all material respects , and/or give a true and fair view in accordance with the financial reporting framework .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	The purpose of an audit is provide and objective independent examination of the financial statements , which increases the value and credibility of the financial statements produced by management , thus increase user confidence in the financial statement , reduce investor risk and consequently reduce the cost of capital of the preparer of the financial statements .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Financial audits are typically performed by firms of practicing accountants who are experts in financial reporting .	1
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	The financial audit is one of many assurance functions provided by accounting firms .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Many organizations separately employ or hire internal auditors , who do not attest to financial reports but focus mainly on the internal controls of the organization .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	External auditors may choose to place limited reliance on the work of internal auditors .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Auditing promotes transparency and accuracy in the financial disclosures made by an organization , therefore would likely to reduce of such corporations to conceal unscrupulous dealings .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Internationally , the International Standards on Auditing ( ISA ) issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board ( IAASB ) is considered as the benchmark for audit process .	0
how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting	Almost all jurisdictions require auditors to follow the ISA or a local variation of the ISA .	0
what kind of cut is tri tip	Whole beef tri-tip rump , roasted medium rare	0
what kind of cut is tri tip	The tri-tip is a cut of beef from the bottom sirloin primal cut .	1
what kind of cut is tri tip	It is a small triangular muscle , usually 1.5 to 2.5 lbs . ( 675 to 1,150g ) per side of beef .	1
what kind of cut is tri tip	The scientific name of this muscle is tensor fasciae latae , inserted in the fascia lata , the connective tissue covering the quadriceps femoris , also called quadriceps extensor , a group of four muscles which in turn insert in the patella , or knee cap of the animal .	0
what state is new england in	Autumn in New England , watercolor , Maurice Prendergast .	0
what state is new england in	Ca . 1910–1913	0
what state is new england in	Fall foliage in the town of Stowe , Vermont	0
what state is new england in	New England is a region in the northeastern corner of the United States consisting of the six states of Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , and Connecticut .	1
what state is new england in	New England is bordered by New York state to the southwest , Quebec to the northwest , and New Brunswick and the Atlantic Ocean to the east .	0
what state is new england in	In one of the earliest English settlements in North America , Pilgrims from England first settled in New England in 1620 , to form Plymouth Colony .	0
what state is new england in	Ten years later , the Puritans settled north of Plymouth Colony in Boston , thus forming Massachusetts Bay Colony .	0
what state is new england in	Over the next 130 years , New England fought in four French and Indian Wars , until the British defeated the French and their native allies in North America .	0
what state is new england in	In the late 18th century , the New England Colonies initiated the resistance to the British Parliament 's efforts to impose new taxes without the consent of the colonists .	0
what state is new england in	The Boston Tea Party was a protest to which Great Britain responded with a series of punitive laws stripping Massachusetts of self-government , which were termed the `` Intolerable Acts `` by the colonists .	0
what state is new england in	The confrontation led to open warfare in 1775 , the expulsion of the British authorities from New England in spring 1776 , and the Declaration of Independence in July 1776 .	0
what state is new england in	Some of the first movements of American literature , philosophy , and education originated in New England .	0
what state is new england in	The region played a prominent role in the movement to abolish slavery , and was the first region of the United States to be transformed by the Industrial Revolution .	0
what state is new england in	Today , New England is a major world center of education , high technology , insurance , and medicine .	0
what state is new england in	Boston is its cultural , financial , educational , medical and transportation center .	0
what state is new england in	Each state is principally subdivided into small incorporated municipalities known as New England towns , which are often governed by town meeting .	0
what state is new england in	The only unincorporated territory in New England exists in the sparse , northern regions of Vermont , New Hampshire , and Maine .	0
what state is new england in	Since 1970 , voters have more often supported liberal candidates at the state and federal level than those of any other region in the United States .	0
what state is new england in	New England is the only one of the United States Census Bureau 's nine regional divisions whose name does not derive from its geography , and it is the only multi-state region with clear , consistent boundaries .	0
what state is new england in	It maintains a strong sense of cultural identity set apart from the rest of the country , although the terms of this identity are often contested , combining Puritanism with liberalism , agrarian life with industry , and isolation with immigration .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	Corpus Christi procession .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	Oil on canvas by Carl Emil Doepler .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	Corpus Domini redirects here .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	For other uses see Corpus Domini ( disambiguation )	0
what is corpus christi holiday	The Feast of Corpus Christi ( Latin for Body of Christ ) , also known as Corpus Domini , is a Latin Rite liturgical solemnity celebrating the tradition and belief in the body and blood of Jesus Christ and his Real Presence in the Eucharist .	1
what is corpus christi holiday	It emphasizes the joy of the institution of the Eucharist , which was observed on Holy Thursday in the somber atmosphere of the nearness of Good Friday .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	In the present Roman Missal , the feast is designated the solemnity of The Most Holy Body and Blood of Christ .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	It is also celebrated in some Anglican , Lutheran , and Old Catholic Churches that hold similar beliefs regarding the Real Presence .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	The feast is liturgically celebrated on the Thursday after Trinity Sunday or , `` where the Solemnity of the Most Holy Body and Blood of Christ is not a Holy Day of Obligation , it is assigned to the Sunday after the Most Holy Trinity as its proper day '' .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	At the end of Holy Mass , there is often a procession of the Blessed Sacrament , generally displayed in a monstrance .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	The procession is followed by Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament .	0
what is corpus christi holiday	A notable Eucharistic procession is that presided over by the Pope each year in Rome , where it begins at the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran and makes its way to the Basilica of Saint Mary Major , where it concludes with Benediction .	0
what county in texas is conroe located in	Conroe is the seat of Montgomery County and falls within the metropolitan area .	1
what county in texas is conroe located in	It is located about north of Houston .	0
what county in texas is conroe located in	As of July 2011 , the city population was 58,973 , up from 36,811 in 2000 .	0
what are rocker arms ?	Rocker arm	0
what are rocker arms ?	Generally referred to within the context of the internal combustion engine of automotive , marine , motorcycle and reciprocating aviation engines , the rocker arm is an oscillating lever that conveys radial movement from the cam lobe into linear movement at the poppet valve to open it .	1
what are rocker arms ?	One end is raised and lowered by a rotating lobe of the camshaft ( either directly or via a tappet ( lifter ) and pushrod ) while the other end acts on the valve stem .	0
what are rocker arms ?	When the camshaft lobe raises the outside of the arm , the inside presses down on the valve stem , opening the valve .	0
what are rocker arms ?	When the outside of the arm is permitted to return due to the camshafts rotation , the inside rises , allowing the valve spring to close the valve .	0
what are rocker arms ?	The drive cam is driven by the camshaft .	0
what are rocker arms ?	This pushes the rocker arm up and down about the trunnion pin or rocker shaft .	0
what are rocker arms ?	Friction may be reduced at the point of contact with the valve stem by a roller cam follower .	0
what are rocker arms ?	A similar arrangement transfers the motion via another roller cam follower to a second rocker arm .	0
what are rocker arms ?	This rotates about the rocker shaft , and transfers the motion via a tappet to the poppet valve .	0
what are rocker arms ?	In this case this opens the intake valve to the cylinder head .	0
what are rocker arms ?	The effective leverage of the arm ( and thus the force it can exert on the valve stem ) is determined by the rocker arm ratio , the ratio of the distance from the rocker arm 's center of rotation to the tip divided by the distance from the center of rotation to the point acted on by the camshaft or pushrod .	0
what are rocker arms ?	Current automotive design favors rocker arm ratios of about 1.5:1 to 1.8:1 .	0
what are rocker arms ?	However , in the past smaller positive ratios ( the valve lift is greater than the cam lift ) and even negative ratios ( valve lift smaller than the cam lift ) have been used .	0
what are rocker arms ?	Many pre-WW2 engines use 1:1 ( neutral ) ratios .	0
what are rocker arms ?	For car engines the rocker arms are generally steel stampings , providing a reasonable balance of strength , weight and economical cost .	0
what are rocker arms ?	Because the rocker arms are , in part , reciprocating weight , excessive mass especially at the lever ends limits the engine 's ability to reach high operating speeds .	0
when did world war 2 end	World War II ( WWII or WW2 ) , also known as the Second World War , was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945 .	1
when did world war 2 end	It involved the vast majority of the world 's nations —including all of the great powers —eventually forming two opposing military alliances : the Allies and the Axis .	0
when did world war 2 end	It was the most widespread war in history , with more than 100 million people serving in military units from over 30 different countries .	0
when did world war 2 end	In a state of `` total war `` , the major participants placed their entire economic , industrial , and scientific capabilities at the service of the war effort , erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources .	0
when did world war 2 end	Marked by mass deaths of civilians , including the Holocaust and the only use of nuclear weapons in warfare , it resulted in 50 million to over 75 million fatalities .	0
when did world war 2 end	These deaths make World War II by far the deadliest conflict in human history .	0
when did world war 2 end	The Empire of Japan aimed to dominate East Asia and was already at war with the Republic of China in 1937 , but the world war is generally said to have begun on 1 September 1939 with the invasion of Poland by Germany and subsequent declarations of war on Germany by France and Britain .	0
when did world war 2 end	From late 1939 to early 1941 , in a series of campaigns and treaties , Germany formed the Axis alliance with Italy , conquering or subduing much of continental Europe .	0
when did world war 2 end	Following the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact , Germany and the Soviet Union partitioned and annexed territories between themselves of their European neighbours , including Poland .	0
when did world war 2 end	The United Kingdom and the other members of the British Commonwealth were the only major Allied forces continuing the fight against the Axis , with battles taking place in North Africa as well as the long-running Battle of the Atlantic .	0
when did world war 2 end	In June 1941 , the European Axis launched an invasion of the Soviet Union , giving a start to the largest land theatre of war in history , which tied down the major part of the Axis ' military forces for the rest of the war .	0
when did world war 2 end	In December 1941 , Japan joined the Axis , attacked the United States and European territories in the Pacific Ocean , and quickly conquered much of the Western Pacific .	0
when did world war 2 end	The Axis advance was stopped in 1942 , after Japan lost a series of naval battles and European Axis troops were defeated in North Africa and , decisively , at Stalingrad .	0
when did world war 2 end	In 1943 , with a series of German defeats in Eastern Europe , the Allied invasion of Italy , and American victories in the Pacific , the Axis lost the initiative and undertook strategic retreat on all fronts .	0
when did world war 2 end	In 1944 , the Western Allies invaded France , while the Soviet Union regained all of its territorial losses and invaded Germany and its allies .	0
when did world war 2 end	During 1944 and 1945 the United States defeated the Japanese Navy and captured key Western Pacific islands .	0
when did world war 2 end	The war in Europe ended with the capture of Berlin by Soviet and Polish troops and the subsequent German unconditional surrender on 8 May 1945 .	0
when did world war 2 end	Following the Potsdam Declaration by the Allies on 26 July 1945 , the United States dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima on 6 August , and Nagasaki on 9 August .	0
when did world war 2 end	With an invasion of the Japanese archipelago imminent , and the Soviet Union having declared war on Japan by invading Manchuria , Japan surrendered on 15 August 1945 , ending the war in Asia and cementing the total victory of the Allies over the Axis .	0
when did world war 2 end	World War II altered the political alignment and social structure of the world .	0
when did world war 2 end	The United Nations ( UN ) was established to foster international cooperation and prevent future conflicts .	0
when did world war 2 end	The great powers that were the victors of the war—the United States , the Soviet Union , China , the United Kingdom , and France—became the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council .	0
when did world war 2 end	The Soviet Union and the United States emerged as rival superpowers , setting the stage for the Cold War , which lasted for the next 46 years .	0
when did world war 2 end	Meanwhile , the influence of European great powers started to decline , while the decolonisation of Asia and Africa began .	0
when did world war 2 end	Most countries whose industries had been damaged moved towards economic recovery .	0
when did world war 2 end	Political integration , especially in Europe , emerged as an effort to stabilise postwar relations and fight more effectively in the Cold War .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	The Catcher in the Rye is a 1951 novel by J. D. Salinger .	1
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	Originally published for adults , it has since become popular with adolescent readers for its themes of teenage angst and alienation .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	It has been translated into almost all of the world 's major languages .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	Around 250,000 copies are sold each year with total sales of more than 65 million books .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	The novel 's protagonist and antihero , Holden Caulfield , has become an icon for teenage rebellion .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	The novel was included on Times 2005 list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923 , and it was named by Modern Library and its readers as one of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	It has been frequently challenged in the United States and other countries for its liberal use of profanity and portrayal of sexuality .	0
who is the book the catcher in the rye by ?	It also deals with complex issues of identity , belonging , connection , and alienation .	0
who created the cato institute	The Cato Institute is an American libertarian think tank headquartered in Washington , D.C .	0
who created the cato institute	It was founded as the Charles Koch Foundation in 1974 by Murray Rothbard , Ed Crane and Charles Koch , chairman of the board and chief executive officer of the conglomerate Koch Industries , Inc. .	1
who created the cato institute	In July 1976 , the name was changed to the Cato Institute .	0
who created the cato institute	According to the 2011 Global Go To Think Tank Index , Cato is the 6th most influential US based think tank , ranking 3rd in Economic Policy and 2nd in Social Policy .	0
who created the cato institute	The Institute 's stated mission is `` to increase the understanding of public policies based on the principles of limited government , free markets , individual liberty , and peace .	0
who created the cato institute	The Institute will use the most effective means to originate , advocate , promote , and disseminate applicable policy proposals that create free , open , and civil societies in the United States and throughout the world . ''	0
who created the cato institute	Cato scholars were critical of George W. Bush 's Republican administration ( 2001–2009 ) on several issues , including the Iraq War , civil liberties , education , agriculture , energy policy , and excessive government spending .	0
who created the cato institute	On other issues , they supported Bush administration initiatives , most notably health care , Social Security , global warming , tax policy , and immigration .	0
who created the cato institute	During the 2008 U.S. presidential election , Cato scholars criticized both major-party candidates , John McCain and Barack Obama .	0
who created the cato institute	Cato has criticized President Obama 's stances on policy issues since his inauguration , such as fiscal stimulus , healthcare reform , foreign policy , and the War on Drugs , while supporting his stance on the repeal of Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell and liberal immigration policy .	0
What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for	Hydraulic fluid being poured .	0
What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for	Hydraulic fluids , also called hydraulic liquids , are the medium by which power is transferred in hydraulic machinery .	0
What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for	Common hydraulic fluids are based on mineral oil or water .	1
What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for	Examples of equipment that might use hydraulic fluids include excavators and backhoes , hydraulic brakes , power steering systems , transmissions , garbage trucks , aircraft flight control systems , lifts , and industrial machinery .	0
What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for	Hydraulic systems like the ones mentioned above will work most efficiently if the hydraulic fluid used has no compressibility	0
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military	The military forces of the world have differing approaches to the enlistment of homosexual ( gay and lesbian ) and bisexual individuals .	0
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military	The armed forces of most developed countries have now removed policies excluding non-heterosexual individuals ( with strict policies on sexual harassment ) .	0
what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military	Nations that permit gay people to serve openly in the military include the 4 of the 5 members of the UN Security Council ( United States , United Kingdom , France , and Russia ) , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , Australia , Israel , South Africa , Argentina , and all NATO members excluding Turkey .	1
who created bing	Bing ( known previously as Live Search , Windows Live Search , and MSN Search ) is a web search engine ( advertised as a `` decision engine `` ) from Microsoft .	1
who created bing	Bing was unveiled by Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer on May 28 , 2009 at the All Things Digital conference in San Diego for release on June 1 .	0
who created bing	Notable changes include the listing of search suggestions while queries are entered and a list of related searches ( called `` Explore pane '' ) based on semantic technology from Powerset which Microsoft purchased in 2008 .	0
who created bing	On July 29 , 2009 , Microsoft and Yahoo ! announced a deal in which Bing would power Yahoo ! Search .	0
who created bing	All Yahoo ! Search global customers and partners are expected to have made the transition by early 2012 .	0
who created bing	In October 2011 , Bing announced it was working on new back-end search infrastructure , with the goal of delivering faster and slightly more relevant search results for users .	0
who created bing	Known as `` Tiger '' , the new index-serving technology has been incorporated into Bing globally , since August 2011 .	0
who created bing	In May 2012 , Bing announced another redesign of its search engine that includes `` Sidebar '' , a social feature that searches users ' social networks for information relevant to the search query .	0
who played dumbledore in harry potter	Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore is a major character and protagonist of J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .	0
who played dumbledore in harry potter	For most of the series , he is the headmaster of the wizarding school Hogwarts .	0
who played dumbledore in harry potter	As part of his backstory , it is revealed that he is the founder and leader of the Order of the Phoenix , an organisation dedicated to fighting the main antagonist of the series , Lord Voldemort .	0
who played dumbledore in harry potter	Dumbledore is portrayed by Richard Harris in the film adaptions of Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .	1
who played dumbledore in harry potter	After Harris ' death , Michael Gambon portrayed Dumbledore for all of the remaining films .	1
who played dumbledore in harry potter	Rowling stated she chose the name Dumbledore , which is an Early Modern English word for `` bumblebee `` , because of Dumbledore 's love of music : she imagined him walking around `` humming to himself a lot '' .	0
what south dakota county is wakonda in	Wakonda is a town in Clay County , South Dakota , United States .	1
what south dakota county is wakonda in	The population was 321 at the 2010 census .	0
what is vitamin a for	Vitamin A is a group of nutritionally unsaturated hydrocarbons , which include retinol , retinal , retinoic acid and several provitamin A carotenoids among which beta-carotene is the most important .	0
what is vitamin a for	Vitamin A has multiple functions , it is important for growth and development , for the maintenance of the immune system and good vision .	1
what is vitamin a for	Vitamin A is needed by the retina of the eye in the form of retinal , which combines with protein opsin to form rhodopsin the light-absorbing molecule , that is necessary for both low-light ( scotopic vision ) and color vision .	1
what is vitamin a for	Vitamin A also functions in a very different role as an irreversibly oxidized form of retinol known as retinoic acid , which is an important hormone-like growth factor for epithelial and other cells .	0
what is vitamin a for	In foods of animal origin , the major form of vitamin A is an ester , primarily retinyl palmitate , which is converted to retinol ( chemically an alcohol ) in the small intestine .	0
what is vitamin a for	The retinol form functions as a storage form of the vitamin , and can be converted to and from its visually active aldehyde form , retinal .	0
what is vitamin a for	The associated acid ( retinoic acid ) , a metabolite that can be irreversibly synthesized from vitamin A , has only partial vitamin A activity , and does not function in the retina for the visual cycle .	0
what is vitamin a for	Retinoic acid is used for growth and cellular differentiation .	0
what is vitamin a for	All forms of vitamin A have a beta-ionone ring to which an isoprenoid chain is attached , called a retinyl group .	0
what is vitamin a for	Both structural features are essential for vitamin activity .	0
what is vitamin a for	The orange pigment of carrots – beta-carotene – can be represented as two connected retinyl groups , which are used in the body to contribute to vitamin A levels .	0
what is vitamin a for	Alpha-carotene and gamma-carotene also have a single retinyl group , which give them some vitamin activity .	0
what is vitamin a for	None of the other carotenes have vitamin activity .	0
what is vitamin a for	The carotenoid beta- cryptoxanthin possesses an ionone group and has vitamin activity in humans .	0
what is vitamin a for	Vitamin A can be found in two principal forms in foods :	0
what is vitamin a for	Retinol , the form of vitamin A absorbed when eating animal food sources , is a yellow , fat-soluble substance .	0
what is vitamin a for	Since the pure alcohol form is unstable , the vitamin is found in tissues in a form of retinyl ester .	0
what is vitamin a for	It is also commercially produced and administered as esters such as retinyl acetate or palmitate .	0
what is vitamin a for	The carotenes alpha-carotene , beta-carotene , gamma-carotene ; and the xanthophyll beta-cryptoxanthin ( all of which contain beta-ionone rings ) , but no other carotenoids , function as provitamin A in herbivores and omnivore animals , which possess the enzyme ( 15-15'-dioxygenase ) which cleaves beta-carotene in the intestinal mucosa and converts it retinol .	0
what is vitamin a for	In general , carnivores are poor converters of ionine-containing carotenoids , and pure carnivores such as cats and ferrets lack 15-15'-dioxygenase and can not convert any carotenoids to retinal ( resulting in none of the carotenoids being forms of vitamin A for these species ) .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Thomas Jefferson ( April 13 , 1743 ( April 2 , 1743 O.S. ) – July 4 , 1826 ) was an American Founding Father , the principal author of the Declaration of Independence ( 1776 ) and the third President of the United States ( 1801–1809 ) .	1
when did thomas jefferson become president	At the beginning of the American Revolution , he served in the Continental Congress , representing Virginia and then served as a wartime Governor of Virginia ( 1779–1781 ) .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Just after the war ended , from mid-1784 Jefferson served as a diplomat , stationed in Paris .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	In May 1785 , he became the United States Minister to France .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Jefferson was the first United States Secretary of State ( 1790–1793 ) serving under President George Washington .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	With his close friend James Madison he organized the Democratic-Republican Party , and subsequently resigned from Washington 's cabinet .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Elected Vice President in 1796 , when he came in second to John Adams of the Federalists , Jefferson opposed Adams and with Madison secretly wrote the Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions , which attempted to nullify the Alien and Sedition Acts .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Elected president in what Jefferson called the Revolution of 1800 , he oversaw the purchase of the vast Louisiana Territory from France ( 1803 ) , and sent the Lewis and Clark Expedition ( 1804–1806 ) to explore the new west .	1
when did thomas jefferson become president	His second term was beset with troubles at home , such as the failed treason trial of his former Vice President Aaron Burr .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	With escalating trouble with Britain who was challenging American neutrality and threatening shipping at sea , he tried economic warfare with his embargo laws which only damaged American trade .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	In 1803 , President Jefferson initiated a process of Indian tribal removal and relocation to the Louisiana Territory west of the Mississippi River , in order to open lands for eventual American settlers .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	A leader in the Enlightenment , Jefferson was a polymath who spoke five languages fluently and was deeply interested in science , invention , architecture , religion and philosophy , interests that led him to the founding of the University of Virginia after his presidency .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	He designed his own large mansion on a 5,000 acre plantation near Charlottesville , Virginia , which he named Monticello .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	While not a notable orator , Jefferson was a skilled writer and corresponded with many influential people in America and Europe throughout his adult life .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Though Jefferson owned many slaves , he opposed the institution all his life and consequently treated and took care of them very well and expected them to work no more than free farmers .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Since 1802 historians and others have been divided over the controversy of whether Jefferson was the father of one or more children belonging to Sally Hemings , a slave at Monticello . ''	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Historians are also in disagreement with how much Jefferson was committed to the anti-slavery cause .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	In 1807 , President Jefferson signed into law a bill that banned the importation of slaves into the United States .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	After Martha Jefferson , his wife of eleven years , died in 1782 , Jefferson remained a widower for the rest of his life ; their marriage produced six children , of whom two survived to adulthood .	0
when did thomas jefferson become president	Though Jefferson has been criticized by many modern day scholars over the issue of slavery , he remains rated as one of the greatest U.S. presidents .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines are rodents with a coat of sharp spines , or quills , that defend and camouflage them from predators .	0
what do porcupines eat	They are indigenous to the Americas , southern Asia , and Africa .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines are the third largest of the rodents , behind the capybara and the beaver .	0
what do porcupines eat	Most porcupines are about long , with an long tail .	0
what do porcupines eat	Weighing , they are rounded , large and slow .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines come in various shades of brown , gray , and the unusual white .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines ' spiny protection resembles that of the unrelated erinaceomorph hedgehogs and monotreme echidnas .	0
what do porcupines eat	The common porcupine is a herbivore .	0
what do porcupines eat	It eats leaves , herbs , twigs and green plants like skunk cabbage and clover and in the winter it may eat bark .	1
what do porcupines eat	The North American porcupine often climbs trees to find food .	0
what do porcupines eat	The African porcupine is not a climber and forages on the ground .	0
what do porcupines eat	It is mostly nocturnal , but will sometimes forage for food in the day .	0
what do porcupines eat	Porcupines have become a pest in Kenya and are eaten as a delicacy .	0
what do porcupines eat	The name porcupine comes from Middle French porc espin ( spined pig ) .	0
what do porcupines eat	A regional American name for the animal is quill pig .	0
what is ethernet gigabit	GigE redirects here .	0
what is ethernet gigabit	For the camera protocol , see GigE vision .	0
what is ethernet gigabit	In computer networking , gigabit Ethernet ( GbE or 1 GigE ) is a term describing various technologies for transmitting Ethernet frames at a rate of a gigabit per second ( 1,000,000,000 bits per second ) , as defined by the IEEE 802.3-2008 standard .	1
what is ethernet gigabit	It came into use beginning in 1999 , gradually supplanting Fast Ethernet in wired local networks , where it performed considerably faster .	0
what is ethernet gigabit	The cables and equipment are very similar to previous standards and were very common and economical by 2010 .	0
what is ethernet gigabit	Half-duplex gigabit links connected through hubs are allowed by the specification , but full-duplex usage with switches is much more common .	0
what is ethernet gigabit	Intel PRO/1000 GT PCI network interface card	0
what are use taxes ?	A use tax in United States is complementary to sales tax which means , if you buy a Taxable product/services without paying any Sales tax to vendor , you owe use tax .	1
what are use taxes ?	You must self assess use tax and pay it directly to the state where the products were consumed or services were rendered .	0
what are use taxes ?	Use tax typically is a tax on consumption but if you buy an item ( without paying sales tax ) and store it in your warehouse initially , use tax applies to that location where goods were stored .	0
what are use taxes ?	Later on when the final consumption takes place at some other location , you are required to pay the differential of tax rate to the jurisdiction of ultimate place of consumption .	0
what are use taxes ?	This really means that you do n't have to pay both Sales Tax as well as Use Tax on one transaction .	0
what are use taxes ?	It is only one or the other that you are required to pay on purchase of taxable products/services .	0
what are use taxes ?	If vendor does n't charge any Sales tax on its invoice then it is the obligation of the buyer to self assess Use tax and pay it to the appropriate Jurisdication .	0
what are use taxes ?	Use Tax is generally charged at the same tax rate of Sales Tax but in some states the tax rate is different .	0
what are use taxes ?	Use tax is also termed as `` Consumption Tax '' or `` Consumer Use Tax '' .	1
what are use taxes ?	A use tax is a type of excise tax levied in the United States by numerous state governments .	1
what are use taxes ?	It is assessed upon tangible personal property purchased by a resident of the assessing state for use , storage , or consumption in that state ( not for resale ) , regardless of where the purchase took place .	0
what are use taxes ?	If a resident of a state makes a purchase within his home state , full sales tax is paid at the time of the transaction .	0
what are use taxes ?	The use tax applies when a resident of the assessing state purchases an item that is not subject to his home state 's sales tax .	0
what are use taxes ?	Usually , this is due to out-of-state purchases , as well as ordering items through the mail , by phone , or over the Internet from other states .	0
what are use taxes ?	The use tax is typically assessed at the same rate as the sales tax that would have been owed ( if any ) had the same goods been purchased in the state of residence .	0
what are use taxes ?	For example , a resident of Massachusetts , with a 6.25 % `` sales and use tax '' on certain goods and services , purchases non-exempt goods or services in New Hampshire for use , storage or other consumption in Massachusetts .	0
what are use taxes ?	Under New Hampshire law , the New Hampshire vendor collects no sales taxes on the goods , but the Massachusetts purchaser/user must still pay 6.25 % of the sales price directly to the Department of Revenue in Massachusetts as a use tax .	0
what are use taxes ?	If the same goods are purchased in a US state that does collect sales tax for such goods at time of purchase , whatever taxes were paid by the purchaser to that state can be deducted ( as a tax credit ) from the 6.25 % owed for subsequent use , storage or consumption in Massachusetts .	0
what are use taxes ?	With few exceptions , no state 's vendors will charge the native state 's sales tax on goods shipped out of state , meaning all goods ordered from out-of-state are essentially free of sales tax .	0
what are use taxes ?	The purchaser is therefore required to declare and pay the use tax to his home state on these ordered goods .	0
what are use taxes ?	The assessing jurisdiction may make the use tax payable annually , but some states require a monthly payment .	0
what are use taxes ?	For example , where a Vermont resident has not paid at least 6 % sales tax on property brought in for use in the state , Vermont law requires filing a tax return ( Form SU-452 and payment ) by the 20th day of the month following non-exempt purchases to avoid a $ 50 late fee , a 5 % penalty per month , to a maximum of 25 % , plus statutory interest on the unpaid tax and penalties .	0
what are use taxes ?	Typical exemptions include purchases by charitable non-profit organizations or governmental agencies , purchases for resale in commerce , and purchases via `` casual sales '' by individuals not in the ordinary course of business .	0
what are use taxes ?	Also note that there are thousands of tax jurisdictions in the U.S. and many have ever-changing lists of specific types of goods and services that are not taxable .	0
what are use taxes ?	As an illustration of the complexities : a 2006 Massachusetts law requires payment of tax on `` pre-written '' ( not custom ) software purchased and downloaded over the Internet for installation and use in Massachusetts , regardless of where it originates .	0
what are use taxes ?	However , the actual use of the same software downloaded by a Massachusetts resident to a server in another state remains a non-taxed `` service '' .	0
what are use taxes ?	In contrast , Arkansas generally does not tax anything delivered over the Internet ( such as downloaded software or music ) , except VoIP which is specifically defined as taxable `` telecommunications services '' .	0
what are use taxes ?	Software ( pre-written or custom ) `` delivered thru a tangible medium '' ( i.e. , on disk ) in Arkansas is taxable even if ordered online , except `` custom software for a particular customer '' which is non-taxable `` programming services '' even if delivered on a disk .	0
what are use taxes ?	In most cases , this complexity is part of the underlying sales tax laws ; but while a brick-and-mortar store has to deal with only the sales tax laws of its own location , remote sellers have to deal with the use tax laws of many jurisdictions—up to every US state and locality that assesses them , if the company has a presence or `` nexus '' in every state ( as large `` brick-and-mortar '' sellers like Wal-Mart and Best Buy do ) .	0
when album love always released	Love Always is the debut album of American R & B duo K-Ci & JoJo , released on June 17 , 1997 , by MCA Records .	1
when album love always released	It was recorded at various studios in New York and the Los Angeles area in 1996 and 1997 .	0
when album love always released	It was produced by JoJo and several others , including DeVante Swing , James Mtume , and Jeff Redd .	0
when album love always released	The duo were originally a part of Jodeci before this album .	0
when album love always released	The album peaked at sixth on the US Billboard 200 and also appeared on international charts .	0
when album love always released	The single `` All My Life `` charted number one in multiple countries , and all four of the album 's singles peaked above the top 25 in the US Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs and the New Zealand Top 40 Singles .	0
when album love always released	Love Always was received favorably by critics , who praised the brothers ' singing ability and the production .	0
when album love always released	The album has been certified three times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) and gold by Music Canada and IFPI Sweden .	0
when album love always released	As of June 1999 it had sold 2.9 million copies in the United States .	0
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	The two main characters of the series , Ratchet ( right ) and Clank ( left ) .	0
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	Ratchet & Clank is a series of platform video games .	0
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	The franchise was created and developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for many different PlayStation consoles , such as PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 with the exclusion of Size Matters and Secret Agent Clank , which were developed by High Impact Games for the PlayStation Portable .	0
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	Every game in the series has been released for every console , as the IP is owned by Sony Computer Entertainment .	0
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	An animated feature film adaptation produced by Rainmaker Entertainment and Blockade Entertainment is scheduled for a theatrical release sometime in 2015 .	0
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	The games take place in a science fiction setting and follow the adventures of Ratchet ( an animalistic human-like character known as a Lombax , who is a mechanic ) and Clank ( a diminutive , sentient robot ) as they travel through the universe , saving it from evil forces on a regular basis .	1
what is ratchet from ratchet and clank	The series is noted for the inclusion of many exotic and unique , over the top weapons and devices , a concept that Insomniac Games also expanded into their other games .	0
what does the family leave act	The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 ( FMLA ) is a United States federal law requiring covered employers to provide employees job-protected and unpaid leave for qualified medical and family reasons .	1
what does the family leave act	Qualified medical and family reasons include : personal or family illness , family military leave , pregnancy , adoption , or the foster care placement of a child .	1
what does the family leave act	The FMLA is administered by the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor .	0
what does the family leave act	The bill was a major part of President Bill Clinton 's agenda in his first term .	0
what does the family leave act	President Clinton signed the bill into law on February 5 , 1993 ( ; 29 U.S.C . sec . 2601 ; 29 CFR 825 ) and it took effect on August 5 , 1993 , six months later .	0
what does the family leave act	The FMLA was intended `` to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families . ''	0
what does the family leave act	The Act allows eligible employees to take up to 12 work weeks of unpaid leave during any 12-month period to attend to the serious health condition of the employee , parent , spouse or child , or for pregnancy or care of a newborn child , or for adoption or foster care of a child .	0
what does the family leave act	In order to be eligible for FMLA leave , an employee must have been at the business at least 12 months , and worked at least 1,250 hours over the past 12 months , and work at a location where the company employs 50 or more employees within 75 miles .	0
what does the family leave act	The FMLA covers both public- and private-sector employees , but certain categories of employees are excluded , including elected officials and their personal staff members .	0
what area code is 810	Area codes in Michigan	0
what area code is 810	Area code 810 is the telephone area code serving eastern Michigan .	1
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes	Debbie Macomber ( born October 22 , 1948 in Yakima , Washington ) is a best-selling American author of over 150 romance novels and contemporary women 's fiction .	1
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes	Over 140 million copies of her books are in print throughout the world , and four have become made-for-TV-movies .	0
what kind of books does debbie macomber writes	Macomber was the inaugural winner of the fan-voted Quill Award for romance in 2005 and has been awarded both a Romance Writers of America RITA and a lifetime achievement award by the Romance Writers of America .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	`` Right Round '' is a song performed by American rapper Flo Rida , released as the lead single from his second studio album , R.O.O.T.S . ( 2009 ) .	1
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	The song features guest vocals from Kesha .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	It was released to radio on 27 January 2009 and was digitally released on 10 February by Poe Boy Entertainment and Atlantic Records .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	The song lyrically speaks of Flo Rida 's net ball referee enthusiasm , while adapting the chorus of the 1984 Dead or Alive song `` You Spin Me Round ( Like a Record ) `` in its hook .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	According to one of the song 's writers , the chorus refers to oral sex .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	Kesha contributed guest vocals to the song , but in the United States , during the run atop the chart , Kesha was uncredited .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	The song received mostly negative reviews from critics , who claimed it was kitsch and misogynistic .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	However , it was a commercial success , reaching the top ten of the charts in nineteen countries worldwide .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	In the United States , it became Flo Rida 's second number-one single and broke the record for first-week sales when it was released to digital retailers .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	The single 's accompanying music video was directed by Malcolm Jones and nominated for an MTV Video Music Award .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	The song has been used in several movies , such as The Hangover , The Ugly Truth and the Telugu movie Pilla Zamindar .	0
Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background ? * ( dancer ) *	In the movie Pitch Perfect , the song is performed by the a cappella group the Treblemakers .	0
what is the function of the vas deferens ?	The vas deferens ( plural : vasa deferentia ) , also called ductus deferens ( Latin : `` carrying-away vessel '' ; plural : ductus deferentes ) , is part of the male anatomy of many vertebrates ; they transport sperm from the epididymis in anticipation of ejaculation .	1
how does a solid state drive work	Modern 2.5 '' SSD used in consumer laptops and desktop computers .	0
how does a solid state drive work	DDR SDRAM based SSD .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Max and .	0
how does a solid state drive work	PCI attached IO Accelerator SSD	0
how does a solid state drive work	PCI-E , DRAM , and NAND based SSD .	0
how does a solid state drive work	It uses an external power supply to make the DRAM non-volatile .	1
how does a solid state drive work	A solid-state drive ( SSD ) ( also known as a solid-state disk or electronic disk , though it contains no actual `` disk '' of any kind ) is a data storage device using integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data persistently .	1
how does a solid state drive work	SSD technology uses electronic interfaces compatible with traditional block input/output ( I/O ) hard disk drives .	0
how does a solid state drive work	SSDs have no moving mechanical components , which distinguish them from traditional electromechanical magnetic disks such as hard disk drives ( HDDs ) or floppy disks , which contain spinning disks and movable read/write heads .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Compared with electromechanical disks , SSDs are typically less susceptible to physical shock , much quieter , have lower access time , and less latency .	0
how does a solid state drive work	However , while the price of SSDs has continued to decline in 2012 , SSDs are still about 7 to 8 times more expensive per unit of storage than HDDs .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Many SSDs use I/O interfaces developed for hard disk drives , thus permitting simple replacement in common applications .	0
how does a solid state drive work	, most SSDs use NAND-based flash memory , which retains data without power .	0
how does a solid state drive work	For applications requiring fast access , but not necessarily data persistence after power loss , SSDs may be constructed from random-access memory ( RAM ) .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Such devices may employ separate power sources , such as batteries , to maintain data after power loss .	0
how does a solid state drive work	Hybrid drives or solid state hybrid drives ( SSHD ) combine the features of SSDs and HDDs in the same unit , containing a large hard disk drive and an SSD cache to improve performance of frequently accessed data .	0
how does a solid state drive work	These devices may offer near-SSD performance for many applications .	0
who plays mary poppins in the movie	Mary Poppins is a 1964 musical film starring Julie Andrews , Dick Van Dyke , David Tomlinson , and Glynis Johns , produced by Walt Disney , and based on the Mary Poppins books series by P. L. Travers .	1
who plays mary poppins in the movie	The film was directed by Robert Stevenson and written by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi , with songs by the Sherman Brothers .	0
who plays mary poppins in the movie	It was shot at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank , California .	0
who plays mary poppins in the movie	Julie Andrews won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance as Mary Poppins and the film also won Oscars for Best Film Editing , Original Music Score , Best Song for `` Chim Chim Cher-ee '' and Best Visual Effects , and received a total of 13 nominations .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Confucianism , Taoism , and Buddhism are one , a painting in the litang style portraying three men laughing by a river stream , 12th century , Song Dynasty .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Estimating the number of Buddhists in the world , or in many countries , is difficult due to definitional issues as well as practical problems of enumeration .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	To begin with , the religious beliefs , practices , and identities of East Asians ( who comprise the majority of the world 's Buddhists by any measure ) often blend Buddhism with other traditions including Confucianism , the Chinese folk religion , Daoism , Shinto , and Korean shamanism .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Most followers of Buddhism do not belong to structured congregations , or observe a definite ritual of adherence such as taking Refuge , making it difficult to accurately estimate the number of practitioners .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	An additional challenge is the hostility of several national governments ( often Communist ones such as China or North Korea ) to religion generally or to Buddhism specifically .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Government policies in these countries may encourage the under-reporting or non-reporting of religious adherence , resulting in official totals that may drastically underestimate the number of religious practitioners in these countries .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Estimate of the worldwide Buddhist population range from 350 million to over one billion , but cluster nearer to the first figure .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Adherents.com ( as of 2012 ) suggests a figure of 397 million .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	By major branches , the numbers are as follows:	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	( 1 ) Mahayana Buddhism , including East Asian Buddhism , with no fewer than 185 million adherents , and possibly several times that many ( again , depending on definitional issues ) .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	This is the predominant form of Buddhism practiced in China , South Korea , Japan , Taiwan , Singapore , and Vietnam .	1
what countries are under the buddhism religion	( 2 ) Theravada Buddhism , with no fewer than 125 million adherents .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	This is the predominant form of Buddhism practiced in Cambodia , Thailand , Laos , Sri Lanka , and Burma .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	( 3 ) Vajrayana Buddhism , with approximately 20 million adherents .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	This form predominates in the greater Tibetan and Mongolian regions , as well as in the Himalayas .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Besides the independent countries of Mongolia and Bhutan , and various territories within what is now western China , Vajrayana is traditional to certain regions of Russia ( e.g . Kalmykia , Buryatia ) , India ( e.g . Ladakh , Sikkim ) , and Nepal ( e.g . Khumbu ) .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Vajrayana , also known as Tibetan Buddhism , is often conflated with Tantric Buddhism , but this is imprecise , as Shingon and other forms of East Asian Buddhism also practice tantra .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	At least 7 countries ( Sri Lanka , Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Burma , Bhutan , and Mongolia ) have unambiguous Buddhist majorities .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Depending on how one calculates Chinese and other East Asian adherents , this figure might expand to include several more countries .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	In addition , Buddhism is the state religion of Cambodia and Bhutan , and receives prominent mention in the constitutions of Thailand and Sri Lanka .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	In northern India and Nepal , the land where Buddhism was born , the religion severely declined during the first millennium .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	Whether this decline was due to the Islamic conquest of northern India , or to other factors , remains controversial .	0
what countries are under the buddhism religion	See the article Decline of Buddhism in India .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	Motorcycle speedway , usually referred to as speedway , is a motorcycle sport involving four and sometimes up to six riders competing over four anti-clockwise laps of an oval circuit .	1
What is motorcycle speedway racing	Speedway motorcycles use only one gear and have no brakes and racing takes place on a flat oval track usually consisting of dirt or loosely packed shale .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	Competitors use this surface to slide their machines sideways , powersliding or broadsiding into the bends .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	On the straight sections of the track the motorcycles reach speeds of up .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	The exact origins of the sport are unknown but there is evidence of a type of speedway racing being practised in the USA before the First World War and in Australia in the late 1910s and early 1920s .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	There are now both domestic and international competitions in a number of countries including the Speedway World Cup whilst the highest overall scoring individual in the Speedway Grand Prix events is pronounced the world champion .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	Speedway is popular in central and northern Europe and to a lesser extent in Australia and North America .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	A variant of track racing , speedway is administered internationally by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme ( FIM ) .	0
What is motorcycle speedway racing	Domestic speedway events are regulated by FIM affiliated national motor sport federations .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	Mister Ed is a fictional talking horse , originally appearing in short stories by Walter R. Brooks , and later in an American television situation comedy produced by Filmways that first aired in syndication from January 5 to July 2 , 1961 , and then on CBS from October 1 , 1961 to February 6 , 1966 .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	The stars of the show were Mister Ed , a palomino horse who could `` talk '' , played by gelding Bamboo Harvester and voiced by former Western star Allan Lane ( who went uncredited for the entire length of the series ) , and his owner , an eccentric and enormously klutzy , yet friendly , architect named Wilbur Post ( Alan Young ) .	1
what kind of horse was mr ed	Much of the program 's humor stemmed from the fact Mister Ed would speak only to Wilbur , as well as Ed 's notoriety as a troublemaker .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	Other running jokes centered on Wilbur 's character being a huge klutz and inadvertently causing harm to himself or others .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	According to the show 's producer , Arthur Lubin , Young was chosen as the lead character because he `` just seemed like the sort of guy a horse would talk to '' .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	Lubin , a friend of Mae West , scored a coup by persuading the screen icon to guest star in one episode .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	In the United States , reruns aired on Nick at Nite from March 3 , 1986 , to February 1 , 1993 .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	Sister station TV Land also reran the show from 1996–98 and again from 2003-06 .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	The series is currently broadcast every morning on This TV , along with Highway Patrol , and The Patty Duke Show .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	It is also currently broadcast on Hallmark Movie Channel .	0
what kind of horse was mr ed	As of January 1 , 2011 , the first two seasons of the show are available on Hulu .	0
what glows in the dark	Glow-in-the-dark may refer to:	0
what glows in the dark	Bioluminescence , the production and emission of light by a living organism	0
what glows in the dark	Chemiluminescence , is the emission of light ( luminescence ) without emission of heat	0
what glows in the dark	Phosphorescence , a specific type of photoluminescence related to fluorescence	0
what glows in the dark	Radioluminescence , production of luminescence in a material by the bombardment of ionizing radiation	1
what glows in the dark	Glow in the Dark Tour , a 2008 concert tour by Kanye West	0
when will ie9 be released	Windows Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) is a version of the Internet Explorer web browser from Microsoft .	0
when will ie9 be released	It was released to the public on March 14 , 2011 .	1
when will ie9 be released	Microsoft has released Internet Explorer 9 as a major out-of-band version that is not tied to the release schedule of any particular version of Windows , unlike previous versions .	0
when will ie9 be released	It is the first version since Internet Explorer 2 to not be bundled with a Windows operating system , although some OEMs have installed it with Windows 7 on their PCs , as well as new Windows 7 laptops .	0
when will ie9 be released	The system requirements for Internet Explorer 9 are Windows 7 , Windows Server 2008 R2 , Windows Vista Service Pack 2 or Windows Server 2008 SP2 with the Platform Update .	0
when will ie9 be released	Windows XP and earlier are not supported .	0
when will ie9 be released	Internet Explorer 9 is the last version of Internet Explorer to be supported on Windows Vista .	0
when will ie9 be released	Both IA-32 and x64 builds are available .	0
when will ie9 be released	Internet Explorer 9 supports several CSS 3 properties , embedded ICC v2 or v4 color profiles support via Windows Color System , and has improved JavaScript performance .	0
when will ie9 be released	It is the last of the five major web browsers to implement support for Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) .	0
when will ie9 be released	It also features hardware-accelerated graphics rendering using Direct2D , hardware-accelerated text rendering using DirectWrite , hardware-accelerated video rendering using Media Foundation , imaging support provided by Windows Imaging Component , and high fidelity printing powered by the XML Paper Specification ( XPS ) print pipeline .	0
when will ie9 be released	Internet Explorer 9 also supports the HTML5 video and audio tags and the Web Open Font Format .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Project Runway Season 2 was the second season of Bravo 's successful Project Runway , a reality competition for fashion designers .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Season 2 began airing on December 7 , 2005 .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Following a nationwide search earlier in the year , sixteen designers were chosen as semi-finalists and brought to New York City in June , 2005 .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	After the first challenge , called `` Road To The Runway '' , fourteen went on to compete as finalists .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	The winning designer , Chloe Dao , received $ 100,000 in seed money to help launch her own line , a 2007 Saturn Sky roadster , a spread in ELLE magazine , and a mentorship with the Banana Republic Design Team .	1
who won season 2 of project runway	Winning alongside Dao was her model , Grace Kelsey , who received the ELLE Magazine spread .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Michael Kors and Nina Garcia returned as judges for the second season .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	The fourth judging seat rotated each week , based on the challenge .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Tim Gunn , fashion chair at Parsons The New School for Design , returned as a mentor for the designers .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Kara Janx later appeared in Project Runway : All Stars in 2012 , where she finished 7th out of 13 .	0
who won season 2 of project runway	Andrae Gonzalo , in the same year , competed in the second season of the All Stars edition placing 10th out of 13 .	0
how is root beer made ?	A glass of root beer with foam	0
how is root beer made ?	Root beer is a carbonated , sweetened beverage , originally made using the root of a sassafras plant ( or the bark of a sassafras tree ) as the primary flavor .	1
how is root beer made ?	Root beer , popularized in North America , comes in two forms : alcoholic and soft drink .	0
how is root beer made ?	The historical root beer was analogous to small beer in that the process provided a drink with a very low alcohol content .	0
how is root beer made ?	Although roots are used as the source of many soft drinks throughout the world , often different names are used .	0
What is firebird server	Firebird is an open source SQL relational database management system that runs on Linux , Windows , and a variety of Unix .	1
What is firebird server	The database forked from Borland 's open source edition of InterBase in 2000 , but since Firebird 1.5 the code has been largely rewritten .	1
where are the ten commandments in the bible	This 1768 parchment ( 612×502 mm ) by Jekuthiel Sofer emulated the 1675 Ten Commandments at the Amsterdam Esnoga synagogue .	0
where are the ten commandments in the bible	The Ten Commandments , also known as the Decalogue , are a set of biblical laws relating to ethics and worship , which play a fundamental role in Judaism , Islam and Christianity .	0
where are the ten commandments in the bible	They include instructions to worship only God , to keep the sabbath holy and prohibitions against idolatry , blasphemy , murder , theft , deception and adultery .	0
where are the ten commandments in the bible	Different groups follow slightly different traditions for interpreting and numbering them .	0
where are the ten commandments in the bible	The Ten Commandments appear twice in the Hebrew Bible , in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy .	1
where are the ten commandments in the bible	According to the story in Exodus , God inscribed them on two stone tablets , which he gave to Moses on Mount Sinai .	0
where are the ten commandments in the bible	Modern scholarship has found likely influences in Hittite and Mesopotamian laws and treaties , but is divided over exactly when the Ten Commandments were written and who wrote them .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Stephen `` Stevie '' Ray Vaughan ( October 3 , 1954 – August 27 , 1990 ) was an American guitarist , singer-songwriter , and record producer .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Often referred to by his initials SRV , Vaughan is best known as a founding member and leader of Double Trouble .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Together with drummer Chris Layton and bassist Tommy Shannon , they ignited the blues revival of the 1980s .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	With a career spanning seven years , Vaughan and Double Trouble consistently sold out concerts while their albums frequently went gold .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He was born and raised in Dallas , Texas , and for a short period of time lived in Graham , Texas .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	As the younger brother of Jimmie Vaughan , Vaughan started playing the guitar at age seven and formed several bands that occasionally performed in local nightclubs .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	At age 17 , he dropped out of high school and moved to Austin to further pursue his musical career , joining groups such as Krackerjack , the Nightcrawlers , and the Cobras .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In 1977 , he formed Triple Threat Revue , a band that eventually evolved into Double Trouble and regularly performed around Austin .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In 1982 , Vaughan and Double Trouble performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland , catching the attention of musicians David Bowie and Jackson Browne .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Bowie asked Vaughan to play on his upcoming studio album Let 's Dance , while Browne offered the band free use of his personal studio in Los Angeles to record an album .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In March 1983 , Vaughan and Double Trouble were signed to Epic Records by veteran record producer John Hammond Sr. and released their debut album , Texas Flood in June of that year .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	After successful touring , the group released the albums , Could n't Stand the Weather ( 1984 ) and Soul to Soul ( 1985 ) , the latter of which featured new keyboardist Reese Wynans .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Although his career had progressed successfully , Vaughan checked into a rehabilitation hospital in Atlanta , Georgia to give up a cocaine and alcohol habit and returned to touring with the band .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	In June 1989 , In Step was released and earned them a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Performance .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	On August 27 , 1990 , Vaughan was killed in a helicopter crash following a performance in East Troy , Wisconsin .	1
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Vaughan 's uniquely eclectic yet intense style was derived from a variety of musical genres .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He was influenced by blues musicians including Albert King , Freddie King , Otis Rush , and Muddy Waters , and rock guitarists such as Jimi Hendrix and Lonnie Mack .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	His guitar playing reflected the classic blues and pentatonic scales .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He has received wide critical recognition for his guitar playing , ranking at # 6 on Rolling Stones list of `` 100 Greatest Guitarists '' in 2011 .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	He was posthumously inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 2000 and a memorial statue was erected in Austin 's Auditorium Shores park .	0
what happened to stevie ray vaughan	Stevie Ray Vaughan is widely considered to be one of the greatest musicians to come from the state of Texas .	0
what is santa 's wife 's name	Mrs. Claus says goodbye to her husband as he sets off on his journey in this 1919 postcard	0
what is santa 's wife 's name	Mrs. Claus is the wife of Santa Claus , the Christmas gift-bringer in North American and European Christmas tradition .	0
what is santa 's wife 's name	She is known for making cookies with the elves and preparing toys with her husband Santa Claus .	0
what is santa 's wife 's name	Her first name is a mystery , though she has been referred to as Mary , Jessica , Layla , Annette , Heidi , or Martha .	1
how many schools are in the big ten	The Big Ten Conference , formerly Western Conference and Big Nine Conference , is the oldest Division I college athletic conference in the United States .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	Its twelve member institutions ( which are primarily flagship research universities in their respective states , well-regarded academically , and with relatively large student enrollment ) are located primarily in the Midwest , stretching from Nebraska in the west to Penn State in the east .	1
how many schools are in the big ten	The conference competes in the NCAA 's Division I ; its football teams compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) , formerly known as Division I-A , the highest level of NCAA competition in that sport .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	Member schools of the Big Ten ( or , in two cases , their parent university systems ) also are members of the Committee on Institutional Cooperation , a leading educational and research consortium .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	Despite the conference 's name , the Big Ten actually consists of 12 schools , following the addition of The Pennsylvania State University in 1993 and the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in 2011 .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	In 2014 , the conference will expand to 14 members with the additions of the University of Maryland , College Park and Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey .	0
how many schools are in the big ten	It is not to be confused with the Big 12 Conference , which has only ten schools and represents a different region of the country .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	Curtis Montague Schilling ( born November 14 , 1966 ) is a former American Major League Baseball right-handed pitcher and Video Game developer .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	He helped lead the Philadelphia Phillies to the World Series in and won World Series championships in with the Arizona Diamondbacks and in and with the Boston Red Sox .	1
how many world series did curt schilling have	Schilling retired with a career postseason record of 11–2 .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	His .846 postseason winning percentage is a major-league record among pitchers with at least 10 decisions .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	After retiring , he founded Green Monster Games which was renamed 38 Studios .	0
how many world series did curt schilling have	The company released Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning in February 2012 , but just three months later , Schilling laid off his entire staff amid severe financial troubles that resulted in the company missing payroll the previous week .	0
what town is laurel hollow ny in	Laurel Hollow is a village in the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County , New York in the United States .	1
what town is laurel hollow ny in	The population was 1,952 at the 2010 census .	0
what does Gringo mean	Gringo ( , , ) is a slang Spanish and Portuguese word used in Ibero-America , to denote foreigners , often from the United States .	1
what does Gringo mean	The term can be applied to someone who is actually a foreigner , or it can denote a strong association or assimilation into foreign ( particularly US ) society and culture .	1
what does Gringo mean	In Spanish it does not have a negative connotation .	0
what does Gringo mean	Roger Axtell , a travel etiquette expert , notes that `` [ t ] he word gringo is not necessarily a bad word .	0
what does Gringo mean	It is slang but is derogatory only in its use and context . ''	0
what does Gringo mean	The word was used in Spain long before it crossed the Atlantic to denote foreign , non-native speakers of Spanish .	0
where does ground pepper come from	Black pepper ( Piper nigrum ) is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae , cultivated for its fruit , which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning .	1
where does ground pepper come from	The fruit , known as a peppercorn when dried , is approximately in diameter , dark red when fully mature , and , like all drupes , contains a single seed .	0
where does ground pepper come from	Peppercorns , and the ground pepper derived from them , may be described simply as pepper , or more precisely as black pepper ( cooked and dried unripe fruit ) , green pepper ( dried unripe fruit ) and white pepper ( dried ripe seeds ) .	0
where does ground pepper come from	Black pepper is native to south India , and is extensively cultivated there and elsewhere in tropical regions .	1
where does ground pepper come from	Currently Vietnam is the world 's largest producer and exporter of pepper , producing 34 % of the world 's Piper nigrum crop as of 2008 .	1
where does ground pepper come from	Dried ground pepper has been used since antiquity for both its flavour and as a medicine .	0
where does ground pepper come from	Black pepper is the world 's most traded spice .	0
where does ground pepper come from	It is one of the most common spices added to European cuisine and its descendants .	0
where does ground pepper come from	The spiciness of black pepper is due to the chemical piperine , not to be confused with the capsaicin that gives fleshy peppers theirs .	0
where does ground pepper come from	It is in the modern world , often paired with salt .	0
what do UA 's detect	A drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen – for example urine , hair , blood , sweat , or oral fluid / saliva – to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites .	1
what do UA 's detect	Major uses of drug testing are to detect the presence of performance enhancing steroids in sport or for drugs prohibited by laws , such as cannabis , cocaine and heroin .	0
what do UA 's detect	A `` 10-panel urine screen '' consists of the following:	0
what do UA 's detect	Amphetamines ( including Methamphetamine )	0
what do UA 's detect	Barbiturates	0
what do UA 's detect	Benzodiazepines	0
what do UA 's detect	Cannabinoids ( THC )	0
what do UA 's detect	Cocaine	0
what do UA 's detect	Methadone	0
what do UA 's detect	Methaqualone	0
what do UA 's detect	Opiates ( Codeine , Morphine , Heroin , Oxycodone , Hydrocodone , etc . )	0
what do UA 's detect	Phencyclidine ( PCP )	0
what do UA 's detect	Propoxyphene	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma ( ) ( Pawnee : Uukuhuúwa , Cayuga : Gahnawiyoˀgeh ) is a state located in West South Central United States .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma is the 20th most extensive and the 28th most populous of the 50 United States .	0
what does oklahoma produce	The state 's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla and humma , meaning `` red people '' , and it is known informally by its nickname , The Sooner State .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Formed by the combination of Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory on November 16 , 1907 , Oklahoma was the 46th state to enter the union .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Its residents are known as Oklahomans or , informally `` Okies '' , and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City .	0
what does oklahoma produce	A major producer of natural gas , oil , and agriculture , Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation , energy , telecommunications , and biotechnology .	1
what does oklahoma produce	It has one of the fastest growing economies in the nation , ranking among the top states in per capita income growth and gross domestic product growth .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma 's primary economic anchors , with nearly two thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas .	0
what does oklahoma produce	With small mountain ranges , prairie , mesas , and eastern forests , most of Oklahoma lies in the Great Plains and the U.S . Interior Highlands —a region especially prone to severe weather .	0
what does oklahoma produce	In addition to having a prevalence of English , German , Scottish , Irish and Native American ancestry , more than 25 Native American languages are spoken in Oklahoma , second only to California .	0
what does oklahoma produce	Oklahoma is located on a confluence of three major American cultural regions and historically served as a route for cattle drives , a destination for southern settlers , and a government-sanctioned territory for Native Americans .	0
what state was the civil war in	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	1
what state was the civil war in	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	0
what state was the civil war in	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
what state was the civil war in	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
what state was the civil war in	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
what state was the civil war in	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
what state was the civil war in	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
what state was the civil war in	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
what state was the civil war in	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
what state was the civil war in	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
what state was the civil war in	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
what state was the civil war in	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
what state was the civil war in	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	0
what state was the civil war in	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
what state was the civil war in	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
what state was the civil war in	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
what state was the civil war in	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
what state was the civil war in	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
what state was the civil war in	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
what state was the civil war in	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
what state was the civil war in	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
what state was the civil war in	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
what state was the civil war in	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
what state was the civil war in	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
what state was the civil war in	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
what state was the civil war in	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
what state was the civil war in	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
what state was the civil war in	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	0
what state was the civil war in	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	The neck of a guitar showing the nut ( in the background , coloured white ) and first four metal frets .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	A fret is a raised element on the neck of a stringed instrument .	1
what is a fret on a guitar	Frets usually extend across the full width of the neck .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	On most modern western fretted instruments , frets are metal strips inserted into the fingerboard .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	On some historical instruments and non-European instruments , frets are made of pieces of string tied around the neck .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	Frets divide the neck into fixed segments at intervals related to a musical framework .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	On instruments such as guitars , each fret represents one semitone in the standard western system where one octave is divided into twelve semitones .	0
what is a fret on a guitar	Fret is often used as a verb , meaning simply `` to press down the string behind a fret . ''	0
what is a fret on a guitar	Fretting often refers to the frets and/or their system of placement .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Curry Foley was the first player in Major League Baseball history to hit for the cycle .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	In baseball , hitting for the cycle is the accomplishment of one batter hitting a single , a double , a triple , and a home run in the same game .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Collecting the hits in that order is known as a `` natural cycle '' .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Cycles are uncommon in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) , and have occurred 294 times since the first by Curry Foley in 1882 .	1
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	The cycle is roughly as common as a no-hitter ( 279 occurrences in MLB history ) ; it has been called `` one of the rarest '' and `` most difficult feats '' in baseball .	1
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Based on 2009 offensive levels , the probability of an average MLB player hitting for a cycle against an average team in a game is approximately 0.00590 % ; this corresponds to about 2.5 cycles in a 162-game season with 30 teams .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	In other baseball leagues , the cycle is achieved less frequently .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Through September 4 , 2008 , 62 players in Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) , the top-level baseball organization in Japan , have hit for the cycle , the most recent being Michihiro Ogasawara .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	Two players have hit for the cycle on the same day once in NPB history ; this has occurred twice in MLB history .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	One NPB player has also hit for the cycle in an NPB All-Star game .	0
how many times has a player hit for the cycle	No player has ever hit for the cycle in the MLB All-Star Game or the postseason .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	A schematic presentation of the plum pudding model of the atom ; in Thomson 's mathematical model the `` corpuscles '' ( or modern electrons ) were arranged non-randomly , in rotating rings	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	The current model of the sub-atomic structure involves a dense nucleus surrounded by a probabilistic `` cloud '' of electrons	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	The plum pudding model of the atom by J. J. Thomson , who discovered the electron in 1897 , was proposed in 1904 before the discovery of the atomic nucleus in order to add the electron to the atomic model .	1
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	In this model , the atom is composed of electrons ( which Thomson still called `` corpuscles '' , though G. J. Stoney had proposed that atoms of electricity be called electrons in 1894 ) surrounded by a soup of positive charge to balance the electrons ' negative charges , like negatively charged `` plums `` surrounded by positively charged `` pudding `` .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	The electrons ( as we know them today ) were thought to be positioned throughout the atom , but with many structures possible for positioning multiple electrons , particularly rotating rings of electrons ( see below ) .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Instead of a soup , the atom was also sometimes said to have had a `` cloud '' of positive charge .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	With this model , Thomson abandoned his earlier `` nebular atom '' hypothesis in which the atom was composed of immaterial vortices .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Now , at least part of the atom was to be composed of Thomson 's particulate negative corpuscles , although the rest of the positively charged part of the atom remained somewhat nebulous and ill-defined .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	The 1904 Thomson model was disproved by the 1909 gold foil experiment of Hans Geiger and Ernest Marsden .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	This was interpreted by Ernest Rutherford in 1911	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	to imply a very small nucleus of the atom containing a very high positive charge ( in the case of gold , enough to balance about 100 electrons ) , thus leading to the Rutherford model of the atom .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Although gold has an atomic number of 79 , immediately after Rutherford 's paper appeared in 1911 Antonius Van den Broek made the intuitive suggestion that atomic number is nuclear charge .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	The matter required experiment to decide .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Henry Moseley 's work showed experimentally in 1913 ( see Moseley 's law ) that the effective nuclear charge was very close to the atomic number ( Moseley found only one unit difference ) , and Moseley referenced only the papers of Van den Broek and Rutherford .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	This work culminated in the solar-system-like ( but quantum-limited ) Bohr model of the atom in the same year , in which a nucleus containing an atomic number of positive charge is surrounded by an equal number of electrons in orbital shells .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Bohr had also inspired Moseley 's work .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Thomson 's model was compared ( though not by Thomson ) to a British dessert called plum pudding , hence the name .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Thomson 's paper was published in the March 1904 edition of the Philosophical Magazine , the leading British science journal of the day .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	In Thomson 's view : ... the atoms of the elements consist of a number of negatively electrified corpuscles enclosed in a sphere of uniform positive electrification , ...	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	In this model , the electrons were free to rotate within the blob or cloud of positive substance .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	These orbits were stabilized in the model by the fact that when an electron moved farther from the center of the positive cloud , it felt a larger net positive inward force , because there was more material of opposite charge , inside its orbit ( see Gauss 's law ) .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	In Thomson 's model , electrons were free to rotate in rings which were further stabilized by interactions between the electrons , and spectra were to be accounted for by energy differences of different ring orbits .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Thomson attempted to make his model account for some of the major spectral lines known for some elements , but was not notably successful at this .	0
when did thomson make the plum-pudding model	Still , Thomson 's model ( along with a similar Saturnian ring model for atomic electrons , also put forward in 1904 by Nagaoka after James Clerk Maxwell 's model of Saturn 's rings ) , were earlier harbingers of the later and more successful solar-system-like Bohr model of the atom .	0
what area code is 217	Area code 217 is the North American telephone area code for much of western and central Illinois .	1
what area code is 217	The 217 area includes Illinois ' capital , Springfield , plus Champaign , Urbana , Decatur , Danville , Quincy , and Rantoul .	1
what area code is 217	217 was one of the original area codes , which were created in 1947 .	0
what area code is 217	The only significant change in 217 's boundaries was in 1957 , when its northern portion was combined with part of area code 815 to form area code 309 .	0
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Advocacy is a political process by an individual or group which aims to influence public-policy and resource allocation decisions within political , economic , and social systems and institutions .	1
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Advocacy can include many activities that a person or organization undertakes including media campaigns , public speaking , commissioning and publishing research or polls or the filing of an amicus brief .	0
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Lobbying ( often by lobby groups ) is a form of advocacy where a direct approach is made to legislators on an issue which plays a significant role in modern politics .	0
what does an advocacy website promote ?	Research is beginning to explore how advocacy groups in the U.S. and Canada are using social media to facilitate civic engagement and collective action .	0
what is dmitri mendeleev 4	Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev ( ; 8 February 1834 – 2 February 1907 O.S . 27 January 1834 – 20 January 1907 ) was a Russian chemist and inventor .	1
what is dmitri mendeleev 4	He formulated the Periodic Law , created his own version of the periodic table of elements , and used it to correct the properties of some already discovered elements and also to predict the properties of elements yet to be discovered !	1
who built the globe	This article is about the Globe Theatre of Shakespeare .	0
who built the globe	For the modern reconstruction in London , see Shakespeare 's Globe .	0
who built the globe	For other uses , see Globe Theatre ( disambiguation ) .	0
who built the globe	The Globe Theatre was a theatre in London associated with William Shakespeare .	0
who built the globe	It was built in 1599 by Shakespeare 's playing company , the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , on land owned by Thomas Brend and inherited by his son , Nicholas Brend and grandson Sir Matthew Brend , and was destroyed by fire on 29 June 1613 .	1
who built the globe	A second Globe Theatre was built on the same site by June 1614 and closed in 1642 .	0
who built the globe	A modern reconstruction of the Globe , named `` Shakespeare 's Globe `` , opened in 1997 approximately from the site of the original theatre .	0
what is flour made from	Three different kinds of wheat and rye flour	0
what is flour made from	Flour is a powder which is made by grinding cereal grains , or other seeds or roots ( like Cassava ) .	1
what is flour made from	It is the main ingredient of bread , which is a staple food for many cultures , making the availability of adequate supplies of flour a major economic and political issue at various times throughout history .	0
what is flour made from	Wheat flour is one of the most important foods in European , North American , Middle Eastern , Indian and North African cultures , and is the defining ingredient in most of their styles of breads and pastries .	0
what is flour made from	While wheat is the most common base for flour , corn flour has been important in Mesoamerican cuisine since ancient times , and remains a staple throughout the Americas .	0
what is flour made from	Rye flour is an important constituent of bread in much of central Europe , and rice can also be used in flour , though this is relatively uncommon .	0
what are batteries made up of	A typical 12 V , 40 Ah Lead-acid car battery	0
what are batteries made up of	An automotive battery is a type of rechargeable battery that supplies electric energy to an automobile .	0
what are batteries made up of	Usually this refers to an SLI battery ( starting , lighting , ignition ) to power the starter motor , the lights , and the ignition system of a vehicle’s engine .	0
what are batteries made up of	Automotive SLI batteries are usually lead-acid type , and are made of six galvanic cells in series to provide a 12 volt system .	1
what are batteries made up of	Each cell provides 2.1 volts for a total of 12.6 volt at full charge .	0
what are batteries made up of	Heavy vehicles such as highway trucks or tractors , often equipped with diesel engines , may have two batteries in series for a 24 volt system , or may have parallel strings of batteries .	0
what are batteries made up of	Lead-acid batteries are made up of plates of lead and separate plates of lead dioxide , which are submerged into an electrolyte solution of about 38 % sulfuric acid and 62 % water .	1
what are batteries made up of	This causes a chemical reaction that releases electrons , allowing them to flow through conductors to produce electricity .	0
what are batteries made up of	As the battery discharges , the acid of the electrolyte reacts with the materials of the plates , changing their surface to lead sulfate .	0
what are batteries made up of	When the battery is recharged , the chemical reaction is reversed : the lead sulfate reforms into lead dioxide and lead .	0
what are batteries made up of	With the plates restored to their original condition , the process may now be repeated .	0
what are batteries made up of	Battery recycling of automotive batteries reduces the need for resources required for manufacture of new batteries , diverts toxic lead from landfills , and prevents risk of improper disposal .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	A plaque commemorating the location of the Sarajevo assassination and steps of Gavrilo Princip ( image taken in 1987 , before steps were removed in 1992 and plaque changed from Cyrillic to Latin script )	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	A plaque commemorating the location of the Sarajevo assassination ( image taken in 2009 )	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	On 28 June 1914 , Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne , and his wife , Sophie , Duchess of Hohenberg , were shot dead in Sarajevo , by Gavrilo Princip , one of a group of six Bosnian Serb assassins coordinated by Danilo Ilić .	1
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	The political objective of the assassination was to break off Austria-Hungary 's south-Slav provinces so they could be combined into a Greater Serbia or a Yugoslavia .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	The assassins ' motives were consistent with the movement that later became known as Young Bosnia .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	Serbian military officers stood behind the attack .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	At the top of these Serbian military conspirators was Chief of Serbian Military Intelligence Dragutin Dimitrijević , his righthand man Major Vojislav Tankosić , and Masterspy Rade Malobabić .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	Major Tankosić armed the assassins with bombs and pistols and trained them .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	The assassins were given access to the same clandestine tunnel of safe-houses and agents that Rade Malobabić used for the infiltration of weapons and operatives into Austria-Hungary .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	The assassins , the key members of the clandestine tunnel , and the key Serbian military conspirators who were still alive were arrested , tried , convicted and punished .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	Those who were arrested in Bosnia were tried in Sarajevo in October 1914 .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	The other conspirators were arrested and tried before a Serbian kangaroo court on the French-controlled Salonika Front in 1916–1917 on unrelated false charges ; Serbia executed three of the top military conspirators .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	Much of what is known about the assassinations comes from these two trials and related records .	0
who kill franz ferdinand ww1	Assignment of responsibility for the bombing and murders of 28 June is highly controversial because the attack led to the outbreak of World War I one month later .	0
what is bones job	Bones is an American crime comedy-drama television series that premiered on the Fox network in the United States on September 13 , 2005 .	0
what is bones job	The show is based on forensic anthropology and forensic archaeology , with each episode focusing on an FBI case file concerning the mystery behind human remains brought by FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth ( David Boreanaz ) to the forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance `` Bones '' Brennan ( Emily Deschanel ) .	1
what is bones job	The rest of the main cast includes Michaela Conlin , T. J. Thyne , Eric Millegan , Tamara Taylor , Jonathan Adams , and John Francis Daley .	0
what is bones job	Created by Hart Hanson , the series is very loosely based on the life and writings of novelist and forensic anthropologist Kathy Reichs , who also produces the show .	0
what is bones job	Its title character , Temperance Brennan , is named after the protagonist of Reichs ' crime novel series .	0
what is bones job	Conversely , Dr. Brennan writes successful mystery novels based around a fictional ( in the Bones universe ) forensic anthropologist named Kathy Reichs .	0
what is bones job	Bones is a joint production by Josephson Entertainment , Far Field Productions and 20th Century Fox Television .	0
what is bones job	The series has completed airing its eighth season and has been renewed for a ninth season .	0
how many amendments in the US constitution	This is the complete list of the ratified and unratified amendments to the United States Constitution which received the approval of the United States Congress .	0
how many amendments in the US constitution	Twenty-seven amendments have been ratified since the original signing of the Constitution , the first ten of which are known collectively as the Bill of Rights .	1
how many amendments in the US constitution	The procedure for amending the United States Constitution is governed by Article V of the original text .	0
how many amendments in the US constitution	There have been many other proposals for amendments to the United States Constitution introduced in Congress , but not submitted to the states .	0
how many amendments in the US constitution	Before an amendment can take effect , it must be proposed to the states by a two-thirds vote of both houses of Congress or by a convention ( known as an Article V convention ) called by two-thirds of the states , and ratified by three-fourths of the states or by three-fourths of conventions thereof , the method of ratification being determined by Congress at the time of proposal .	0
how many amendments in the US constitution	To date , no convention for proposing amendments has been called by the states , and only once—in 1933 for the ratification of the twenty-first amendment —has the convention method of ratification been employed .	0
who wrote the song feelin alright	`` Feelin ' Alright ? '' also known as `` Feeling Alright '' is a song written by Dave Mason of the English rock band Traffic from their eponymous 1968 album , Traffic .	1
who wrote the song feelin alright	The song was also a hit single for several performers : Joe Cocker ( 1969 , # 69 , recharted in 1972 , US # 33 ) , Mongo Santamaría ( 1969 , # 95 ) and Grand Funk Railroad ( 1971 , US # 54 ) .	0
who wrote the song feelin alright	It has also been recorded by Three Dog Night ( 1969 ) , The 5th Dimension ( 1970 ) , Lou Rawls , Freddie King , Paul Weller , Lulu , Chairmen of the Board ( 1970 ) , Rare Earth , The Electric Concept Orchestra , Mother 's Finest ( 1973 ) , The Ohio Players ( 1971 ) , Diana Ross with the Jackson 5 ( 1971 ) , Maceo Parker , Gladys Knight & the Pips , Widespread Panic and The Black Crowes .	0
who wrote the song feelin alright	A Steel Drum version by Trinidad Oil Company was reissued on the dancefloor jazz compilation Blue Juice 2 .	0
who wrote the song feelin alright	It was also featured in the 2000 film Duets , sung by Huey Lewis .	0
who wrote the song feelin alright	Both the original and the Joe Cocker cover were featured in the movie Flight , starring Denzel Washington .	0
where does cashmere come from	Cashmere Scarves	0
where does cashmere come from	Modern men 's cashmere sweaters for sale .	0
where does cashmere come from	Cashmere wool , usually simply known as cashmere , is a fiber obtained from Cashmere goats and other types of goat .	1
where does cashmere come from	The word cashmere derives from an old spelling of Kashmir .	0
where does cashmere come from	Cashmere is fine in texture , strong , light , and soft .	0
where does cashmere come from	Garments made from it provide excellent insulation .	0
where does cashmere come from	In the United States , under the U.S . Wool Products Labeling Act of 1939 , as amended , ( 15 Uction 68b ( a ) ( 6 ) ) , states that a wool or textile product may not be labeled as containing cashmere unless:	0
where does cashmere come from	such wool product is the fine ( dehaired ) undercoat fibers produced by a cashmere goat ( Capra hircus laniger ) ;	0
where does cashmere come from	the average diameter of the fiber of such wool product does not exceed 19 microns ; and	0
where does cashmere come from	such wool product does not contain more than 3 percent ( by weight ) of cashmere fibers with average diameters that exceed 30 microns .	0
where does cashmere come from	The average fiber diameter may be subject to a coefficient of variation around the mean that shall not exceed 24 percent .	0
what school district is alvin in ?	Alvin Independent School District is a school district based in Alvin , Texas ( USA ) .	1
what school district is alvin in ?	Alvin ISD is a large suburban school district south of Houston in the communities of Alvin , Manvel , Pearland , Hillcrest , Rosharon , Iowa Colony , Liverpool , and Amsterdam .	0
what school district is alvin in ?	AISD serves Pearland city 's rapidly growing western portion of the city including the new large master-planned communities of Shadow Creek Ranch , South Fork , and Southern Trails .	0
what school district is alvin in ?	Alvin ISD covers of land .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	A contract is an agreement having a lawful object entered into voluntarily by two or more parties , each of whom intends to create one or more legal obligations between them .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The elements of a contract are `` offer '' and `` acceptance '' by `` competent persons '' having legal capacity who exchange `` consideration '' to create `` mutuality of obligation . ''	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Proof of some or all of these elements may be done in writing , though contracts may be made entirely orally or by conduct .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The remedy for breach of contract can be `` damages '' in the form of compensation of money or specific performance enforced through an injunction .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Both of these remedies award the party at loss the `` benefit of the bargain '' or expectation damages , which are greater than mere reliance damages , as in promissory estoppel .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The parties may be natural persons or juristic persons .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	A contract is a legally enforceable promise or undertaking that something will or will not occur .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	The word promise can be used as a legal synonym for contract , although care is required as a promise may not have the full standing of a contract , as when it is an agreement without consideration .	1
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Contract law varies greatly from one jurisdiction to another , including differences in common law compared to civil law , the impact of received law , particularly from England in common law countries , and of law codified in regional legislation .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	Regarding Australian Contract Law for example , there are 40 relevant acts which impact on the interpretation of contract at the Commonwealth ( Federal / national ) level , and an additional 26 acts at the level of the state of NSW .	0
what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise	In addition there are 6 international instruments or conventions which are applicable for international dealings , such as the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods .	0
what is a constant in math ?	A mathematical constant is a special number , usually a real number , that is `` significantly interesting in some way '' .	1
what is a constant in math ?	Constants arise in many different areas of mathematics , with constants such as e ( mathematical constant ) | and pi| occurring in such diverse contexts as geometry , number theory and calculus .	0
what is a constant in math ?	What it means for a constant to arise `` naturally '' , and what makes a constant `` interesting '' , is ultimately a matter of taste , and some mathematical constants are notable more for historical reasons than for their intrinsic mathematical interest .	0
what is a constant in math ?	The more popular constants have been studied throughout the ages and computed to many decimal places .	0
what is a constant in math ?	All mathematical constants are definable numbers and usually are also computable numbers ( Chaitin 's constant being a significant exception ) .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	Inauguration Day 2009 on the west steps of the U.S. Capitol .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	President George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush lead the inaugural parade down Pennsylvania Avenue to the White House , 2005	0
what month is the president inaugurated	The inauguration of the president of the United States is a ceremonial event marking the commencement of a new four-year term of a president of the United States .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	The day a presidential inauguration occurs is known as `` Inauguration Day '' and occurs on January 20 ( or 21st if the 20th is a Sunday ) .	1
what month is the president inaugurated	( Prior to the Twentieth Amendment , the date was March 4 , the day of the year on which the Constitution of the United States first took effect in 1789 ; the last inauguration to take place on the older date was Franklin D. Roosevelt 's first one on March 4 , 1933 . )	0
what month is the president inaugurated	The most recent public presidential inauguration ceremony , the swearing in of President Barack Obama to begin his second four-year term in office , took place on Monday , January 21 , 2013 .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	The only inauguration element mandated by the United States Constitution is that the president make an oath or affirmation before that person can `` enter on the Execution '' of the office of the presidency .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	However , over the years , various traditions have arisen that have expanded the inauguration from a simple oath-taking ceremony to a day-long event , including parades , speeches , and balls .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	From the presidency of Andrew Jackson through that of Jimmy Carter , the primary Inauguration Day ceremony took place on the Capitol 's East Portico .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	Since the 1981 inauguration of Ronald Reagan , the ceremony has been held at the Capitol 's West Front .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	The inaugurations of William Howard Taft in 1909 and Reagan in 1985 were moved indoors at the Capitol due to cold weather .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	The War of 1812 and World War II caused two inaugurations to be held at other locations in Washington , D.C .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	When George Washington was inaugurated , the oath was administered by Robert Livingston , Chancellor of New York State , in 1789 , and by William Cushing , Associate Justice of the Supreme Court , in 1793 .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	Since Chief Justice Oliver Ellsworth swore in President John Adams , no chief justice has missed an Inauguration Day .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	When Inauguration Day has fallen on a Sunday , the chief justice has administered the oath to the president on the Sunday privately and then again the next day publicly .	0
what month is the president inaugurated	When a new president takes over mid-term due to the death or resignation of a president , the oath of office is administered but formal , public inauguration events have not been held .	0
when did the civil rights movement begin	Martin Luther King and other civil rights leaders in front of the statue of Abraham Lincoln , August 28 , 1963	0
when did the civil rights movement begin	The civil rights movement was a series of worldwide political movements for equality before the law that peaked in the 1960s .	1
when did the civil rights movement begin	In many situations it took the form of campaigns of civil resistance aimed at achieving change by nonviolent forms of resistance .	0
when did the civil rights movement begin	In some situations it was accompanied , or followed , by civil unrest and armed rebellion .	0
when did the civil rights movement begin	The process was long and tenuous in many countries , and many of these movements did not fully achieve their goals although , the efforts of these movements did lead to improvements in the legal rights of previously oppressed groups of people .	0
when did the civil rights movement begin	The main aim of the civil rights movement included , and include , ensuring that the rights of all people are equally protected by the law , including the rights of minorities .	0
when did the civil rights movement begin	Civil rights movements ranging from the global LGBT rights movement to the global Women 's rights movement to various racial minority rights movements around the world continue .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	Postmodern literature is literature characterized by heavy reliance on techniques like fragmentation , paradox , and questionable narrators , and is often ( though not exclusively ) defined as a style or trend which emerged in the post–World War II era .	1
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	Postmodern works are seen as a reaction against Enlightenment thinking and Modernist approaches to literature .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	Postmodern literature , like postmodernism as a whole , tends to resist definition or classification as a `` movement '' .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	Indeed , the convergence of postmodern literature with various modes of critical theory , particularly reader-response and deconstructionist approaches , and the subversions of the implicit contract between author , text and reader by which its works are often characterised , have led to pre-modern fictions such as Cervantes ' Don Quixote ( 1605,1615 ) and Laurence Sterne 's eighteenth-century satire Tristram Shandy being retrospectively inducted into the fold .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	While there is little consensus on the precise characteristics , scope , and importance of postmodern literature , as is often the case with artistic movements , postmodern literature is commonly defined in relation to a precursor .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	For example , a postmodern literary work tends not to conclude with the neatly tied-up ending as is often found in modernist literature , but often parodies it .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	Postmodern authors tend to celebrate chance over craft , and further employ metafiction to undermine the writer 's authority .	0
what was the post modernist era in literature ?	Another characteristic of postmodern literature is the questioning of distinctions between high and low culture through the use of pastiche , the combination of subjects and genres not previously deemed fit for literature .	0
what does a cutter do	An animated diagram of a cutter	0
what does a cutter do	In baseball , a cutter , or cut fastball , is a type of fastball which breaks slightly toward the pitcher 's glove side as it reaches home plate .	1
what does a cutter do	This pitch is somewhere between a slider and a fastball , as it is usually thrown faster than a slider but with more motion than a typical fastball .	0
what does a cutter do	Some pitchers use a cutter as a way to prevent hitters from expecting their regular fastballs .	0
what does a cutter do	A common technique used to throw a cutter is to use a four-seam fastball grip with the baseball set slightly off center in the hand .	0
what does a cutter do	When a batter is able to hit a cutter pitch , it often results in soft contact and an easy out , due to the pitch 's movement keeping the ball away from the bat 's sweet spot .	0
what does a cutter do	The cutter is typically 2–5 mph slower than a pitcher 's four-seam fastball .	0
what does a cutter do	In 2010 , the average pitch classified as a cutter by PITCHf/x thrown by a right-handed pitcher was 88.6 mph ; the average four-seamer was 92.1 mph .	0
what is dave batista doing now	David Michael `` Dave '' Bautista , Jr. ( born January 18 , 1969 ) , is an American mixed martial artist , bodybuilder , actor , and former professional wrestler best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment competing under the ring name Batista .	0
what is dave batista doing now	In WWE , he became a six-time world champion , winning the World Heavyweight Championship four times , and the WWE Championship two times .	0
what is dave batista doing now	He is the longest-reigning World Heavyweight Champion in WWE history .	0
what is dave batista doing now	In addition to these championships , Batista has won the World Tag Team Championship three times ( twice with Ric Flair and once with John Cena ) and the WWE Tag Team Championship once ( with Rey Mysterio ) .	0
what is dave batista doing now	Batista was also the winner of the 2005 Royal Rumble match and went on to headline WrestleMania 21 , one of the top five highest-grossing pay-per-view events in pro wrestling history .	0
what is dave batista doing now	After trying out at World Championship Wrestling 's Power Plant , Batista signed a contract with the WWF in 2000 and was sent to its developmental territory , Ohio Valley Wrestling ( OVW ) , where he won the OVW Heavyweight Championship .	0
what is dave batista doing now	In August 2012 , Bautista signed a contract with Classic Entertainment & Sports to fight in mixed martial arts .	0
what is dave batista doing now	He won his MMA debut on October 6 , 2012 , defeating Vince Lucero via TKO in the first round .	1
what produces primary xylem ?	Schematic cross section of part of leaf , xylem shown as red circles at figure 8 .	0
what produces primary xylem ?	Xylem is one of the two types of transport tissue in vascular plants ( phloem is the other ) .	0
what produces primary xylem ?	The word xylem is derived from the Greek word ξύλον ( xylon ) , meaning `` wood '' ; the best-known xylem tissue is wood , though it is found throughout the plant .	1
what produces primary xylem ?	Its basic function is to transport water , but it also transports some nutrients through the plant .	0
what zones are tropical	World map with the intertropical zone highlighted in red .	0
what zones are tropical	Tropical climate zones of the Earth where all twelve months have mean temperatures above 18 °C ( 64 °F ) .	0
what zones are tropical	The tropics is a region of the Earth surrounding the Equator .	1
what zones are tropical	It is limited in latitude by the Tropic of Cancer in the northern hemisphere at approximately N and the Tropic of Capricorn in the southern hemisphere at S ; these latitudes correspond to the axial tilt of the Earth .	0
what zones are tropical	The tropics are also referred to as the tropical zone and the torrid zone ( see geographical zone ) .	0
what zones are tropical	The tropics include all the areas on the Earth where the Sun reaches a point directly overhead at least once during the solar year .	0
what zones are tropical	The tropics are distinguished from the other climatic and biomatic regions of Earth , the middle latitudes and the polar regions on either side of the equatorial zone .	0
who played batman in dark knight	The Dark Knight is a 2008 British-American superhero film directed , produced , and co-written by Christopher Nolan .	0
who played batman in dark knight	Based on the DC Comics character Batman , the film is the second part of Nolan 's Batman film series and a sequel to 2005 's Batman Begins .	0
who played batman in dark knight	Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce Wayne/Batman , with a returning cast of Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth , Gary Oldman as James Gordon and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox .	1
who played batman in dark knight	The film introduces the character of Harvey Dent ( Aaron Eckhart ) , Gotham 's newly elected District Attorney and the consort of Bruce Wayne 's childhood friend Rachel Dawes ( Maggie Gyllenhaal ) , who joins Batman and the police in combating the new rising threat of a criminal mastermind calling himself `` The Joker `` ( Heath Ledger ) .	0
who played batman in dark knight	Nolan 's inspiration for the film was the Joker 's comic book debut in 1940 , the 1988 graphic novel , and the 1996 series , which retold Two-Face 's origin .	0
who played batman in dark knight	The nickname `` the Dark Knight '' was first applied to Batman in Batman No . 1 ( 1940 ) , in a story written by Bill Finger .	0
who played batman in dark knight	The Dark Knight was filmed primarily in Chicago , as well as in several other locations in the United States , the United Kingdom , and Hong Kong .	0
who played batman in dark knight	Nolan used an IMAX camera to film some sequences , including the Joker 's first appearance in the film .	0
who played batman in dark knight	On January 22 , 2008 , some months after he had completed filming on The Dark Knight and six months before the film 's release , Heath Ledger died from a toxic combination of prescription drugs , leading to intense attention from the press and movie-going public .	0
who played batman in dark knight	Warner Bros. had initially created a viral marketing campaign for The Dark Knight , developing promotional websites and trailers highlighting screen shots of Ledger as the Joker , but after Ledger 's death , the studio refocused its promotional campaign .	0
who played batman in dark knight	The Dark Knight was released on July 16 , 2008 in Australia , on July 18 , 2008 in North America , and on July 24 , 2008 in the United Kingdom .	0
who played batman in dark knight	Considered one of the best films of the 2000s and one of the best superhero films ever made , the film received highly positive reviews and set numerous records during its theatrical run .	0
who played batman in dark knight	With over $ 1 billion in revenue worldwide , it is the 14th-highest-grossing film of all time , unadjusted for inflation .	0
who played batman in dark knight	The film received eight Academy Award nominations ; it won the award for Best Sound Editing and Ledger was posthumously awarded Best Supporting Actor .	0
who played batman in dark knight	The Dark Knight Rises , the final part of the trilogy , was released on July 20 , 2012 .	0
what is an assist in basketball	In basketball , an assist is attributed to a player who passes the ball to a teammate in a way that leads to a score by field goal , meaning that he or she was `` assisting '' in the basket .	1
what is an assist in basketball	There is some judgment involved in deciding whether a passer should be credited with an assist .	0
what is an assist in basketball	An assist can be scored for the passer even if the player who receives the pass makes a basket after dribbling the ball .	0
what is an assist in basketball	However , the original definition of an assist did not include such situations , so the comparison of assist statistics across eras is a complex matter .	0
what is an assist in basketball	Only the pass directly before the score may be counted as an assist , so no more than one assist can be recorded per field goal ( unlike in other sports , such as ice hockey ) .	0
what is an assist in basketball	A pass that leads to a shooting foul and scoring by free throws does not count as an assist in the NBA , but does in FIBA play ( only one assist is awarded per set of free throws in which at least one free throw is made ) .	0
what is an assist in basketball	Point guards tend to get the most assists per game ( apg ) , as their role is primarily that of a passer and ballhandler .	0
what is an assist in basketball	Centers tend to get fewer assists , but centers with good floor presence and court vision can dominate a team by assisting .	0
what is an assist in basketball	Being inside the key , the center often has the best angles and the best position for `` dishes '' and other short passes in the scoring area .	0
what is an assist in basketball	Center Wilt Chamberlain led the NBA in assists in 1968 .	0
what is an assist in basketball	A strong center with inside-scoring prowess , such as former NBA center Hakeem Olajuwon , can also be an effective assistor because the defense 's double-teaming tends to open up offense in the form of shooters .	0
what is an assist in basketball	The NBA single-game assist record is 30 , held by Scott Skiles of the Orlando Magic against the Denver Nuggets , on December 30 , 1990 .	0
what is an assist in basketball	The NBA record for most career assists is held by John Stockton with 15,806 .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Life insurance is a contract between an insured ( insurance policy holder ) and an insurer , where the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money ( the `` benefits '' ) upon the death of the insured person .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	Depending on the contract , other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	The policy holder typically pays a premium , either regularly or as a lump sum .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Other expenses ( such as funeral expenses ) are also sometimes included in the benefits .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Life policies are legal contracts and the terms of the contract describe the limitations of the insured events .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Specific exclusions are often written into the contract to limit the liability of the insurer ; common examples are claims relating to suicide , fraud , war , riot and civil commotion .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Life-based contracts tend to fall into two major categories:	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Protection policies – designed to provide a benefit in the event of specified event , typically a lump sum payment .	1
what does life insurance cover ?	A common form of this design is term insurance .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Investment policies – where the main objective is to facilitate the growth of capital by regular or single premiums .	0
what does life insurance cover ?	Common forms ( in the US ) are whole life , universal life and variable life policies .	0
what does am and pm stand for	The 12-hour clock is a time convention in which the 24 hours of the day are divided into two periods : a.m. ( from the Latin ante meridiem , meaning `` before midday '' ) and p.m. ( post meridiem , `` after midday '' ) .	1
what does am and pm stand for	Each period consists of 12 hours numbered : 12 ( acting as zero ) , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , and 11 .	0
what does am and pm stand for	The 12-hour clock was developed over time from the mid-second millennium BC to the 16th century AD .	0
what is the format of the canadian citizenship test	The Canadian Citizenship Test is a test , administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada ( CIC ) , that is required for all applicants for Canadian citizenship who are aged between 18 and 54 and who meet the basic requirements for citizenship .	0
what is the format of the canadian citizenship test	The test is available in both French and English , the official languages of Canada .	1
How is the pothole formed	A deep pothole on New York City 's Second Avenue	0
How is the pothole formed	A pothole ( sometimes called a kettle and known in parts of the Western United States as a chuckhole ) is a type of disruption in the surface of a roadway where a portion of the road material has broken away , leaving a hole .	1
what part of the pig is bacon	Typical strip of bacon .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon is a cured meat prepared from a pig .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	It is first cured using large quantities of salt , either in a brine or in a dry packing ; the result is fresh bacon ( also known as green bacon ) .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Fresh bacon may then be further dried for weeks or months in cold air , or it may be boiled or smoked .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Fresh and dried bacon is typically cooked before eating .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Boiled bacon is ready to eat , as is some smoked bacon , but may be cooked further before eating .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon is prepared from several different cuts of meat .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	It is usually made from side and back cuts of pork , except in the United States , where it is almost always prepared from pork belly ( typically referred to as `` streaky '' , `` fatty '' , or `` American style '' outside of the US and Canada ) .	1
what part of the pig is bacon	The side cut has more meat and less fat than the belly .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon may be prepared from either of two distinct back cuts : fatback , which is almost pure fat , and pork loin , which is very lean .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon-cured pork loin is known as back bacon .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Uncooked pork belly bacon strips .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon may be eaten smoked , boiled , fried , baked , or grilled , or used as a minor ingredient to flavor dishes .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon is also used for barding and larding roasts , especially game , e.g . venison , pheasant .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	The word is derived from the Old High German bacho , meaning `` buttock '' , `` ham '' or `` side of bacon '' , and cognate with the Old French bacon .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	In continental Europe , this part of the pig is usually not smoked like bacon is in the United States ; it is used primarily in cubes ( lardons ) as a cooking ingredient , valued both as a source of fat and for its flavor .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	In Italy , this is called pancetta and is usually cooked in small cubes or served uncooked and thinly sliced as part of an antipasto .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Meat from other animals , such as beef , lamb , chicken , goat , or turkey , may also be cut , cured , or otherwise prepared to resemble bacon , and may even be referred to as `` bacon '' .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Such use is common in areas with significant Jewish and Muslim populations .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	The USDA defines bacon as `` the cured belly of a swine carcass '' ; other cuts and characteristics must be separately qualified ( e.g. , `` smoked pork loin bacon '' ) .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	For safety , bacon must be treated to prevent trichinosis , caused by Trichinella , a parasitic roundworm which can be destroyed by heating , freezing , drying , or smoking .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon is distinguished from salt pork and ham by differences in the brine ( or dry packing ) .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Bacon brine has added curing ingredients , most notably sodium nitrite , and occasionally sodium nitrate or potassium nitrate ( saltpeter ) ; sodium ascorbate or erythorbate are added to accelerate curing and stabilize color .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Flavorings such as brown sugar or maple are used for some products .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	If used , sodium polyphosphates are added to improve sliceability and reduce spattering when the bacon is pan fried .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Today , a brine for ham , but not bacon , includes a large amount of sugar .	0
what part of the pig is bacon	Historically , `` ham '' and `` bacon '' referred to different cuts of meat that were brined or packed identically , often together in the same barrel .	0
where did the mayflower land	The Mayflower was the ship that in 1620 transported 102 English Pilgrims , including a core group of Separatists , to New England .	1
where did the mayflower land	Their story is one of travail and survival in a harsh New World environment .	0
what are the characteristics of bryophytes	Marchantia , a liverwort	0
what are the characteristics of bryophytes	Bryophyte is a traditional name used to refer to all embryophytes ( land plants ) that do not have true vascular tissue and are therefore called ' non-vascular plants ' .	0
what are the characteristics of bryophytes	Some bryophytes do have specialized tissues for the transport of water ; however since these do not contain lignin , they are not considered to be true vascular tissue .	1
what are the characteristics of bryophytes	Currently bryophytes are thought not to be a natural or monophyletic group ; however the name is convenient and remains in use as a collective term for mosses , hornworts , and liverworts .	0
what are the characteristics of bryophytes	Bryophytes produce enclosed reproductive structures ( gametangia and sporangia ) , but they produce neither flowers nor seeds , reproducing via spores .	0
what are the characteristics of bryophytes	The term bryophyte comes from Greek βρύον , bryon , `` tree-moss , oyster-green '' + φυτόν - phyton `` plant '' .	0
WHERE IS ROUGH AND READY , CA	Rough and Ready is a census-designated place in Nevada County , California , United States .	1
WHERE IS ROUGH AND READY , CA	It is located west of Grass Valley , California , approximately 62 miles ( 100 km ) from Sacramento .	1
WHERE IS ROUGH AND READY , CA	The population was 963 at the 2010 census .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine is a chemical element with symbol I and atomic number 53 .	0
where do you find iodine	The name is from Greek ioeidēs , meaning violet or purple , due to the color of elemental iodine vapor .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine and its compounds are primarily used in nutrition , and industrially in the production of acetic acid and certain polymers .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine 's relatively high atomic number , low toxicity , and ease of attachment to organic compounds have made it a part of many X-ray contrast materials in modern medicine .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine has only one stable isotope .	0
where do you find iodine	A number of iodine radioisotopes are also used in medical applications .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine is found on Earth mainly as the highly water-soluble iodide ion , I− , which concentrates it in oceans and brine pools .	1
where do you find iodine	Like the other halogens , free iodine occurs mainly as a diatomic molecule I2 , and then only momentarily after being oxidized from iodide by an oxidant like free oxygen .	0
where do you find iodine	In the universe and on Earth , iodine 's high atomic number makes it a relatively rare element .	0
where do you find iodine	However , its presence in ocean water has given it a role in biology .	0
where do you find iodine	It is the heaviest essential element utilized widely by life in biological functions ( only tungsten , employed in enzymes by a few species of bacteria , is heavier ) .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine 's rarity in many soils , due to initial low abundance as a crust-element , and also leaching of soluble iodide by rainwater , has led to many deficiency problems in land animals and inland human populations .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine deficiency affects about two billion people and is the leading preventable cause of intellectual disabilities .	0
where do you find iodine	Iodine is required by higher animals , which use it to synthesize thyroid hormones , which contain the element .	0
where do you find iodine	Because of this function , radioisotopes of iodine are concentrated in the thyroid gland along with nonradioactive iodine .	0
where do you find iodine	If inhaled , the radioisotope iodine-131 , which has a high fission product yield , concentrates in the thyroid , but is easily remedied with potassium iodide treatment .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	Pikes Peak State Park is a state park of Iowa , USA , featuring a bluff overlooking the Upper Mississippi River opposite the confluence of the Wisconsin River .	1
what state is pike 's peak in ?	The park is operated by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	It is nearly a thousand acres ( 4 km2 ) in extent .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	The nearest city is McGregor , Iowa .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	Iowa Highway 76 approximately defines its northern boundary .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	It gets its name from the Iowa incarnation of Pikes Peak , a particularly high point overlooking the gorge of the Upper Mississippi , and like Pikes Peak in Colorado , is named for Zebulon Pike .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	There are hiking trails , campgrounds and RV facilities .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	Mountain bikes are permitted in certain portions of the park .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	Aside from recreational development , the land in the park was never cleared and to a large extent remains as it was before the advent of white settlement .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	It is part of a larger complex of parks , reserves and refuges which include Effigy Mounds National Monument , the various components of the Yellow River State Forest , the enormous Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge and much smaller , much less well known Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge .	0
what state is pike 's peak in ?	The Northeast Iowa Legacy Trail System is undergoing development , and will connect elements of these sites .	0
what is an information technology manager	IT management is the discipline whereby all of the technology resources of a firm are managed in accordance with its needs and priorities .	1
what is an information technology manager	These resources may include tangible investments like computer hardware , software , data , networks and data centre facilities , as well as the staffs who are hired to maintain them .	0
what is an information technology manager	Managing this responsibility within a company entails many of the basic management functions , like budgeting , staffing , and organizing and controlling , along with other aspects that are unique to technology , like change management , software design , network planning , tech support etc .	0
What is the disk defragmenter tool	Visualization of fragmentation and then of defragmentation	0
What is the disk defragmenter tool	In the maintenance of file systems , defragmentation is a process that reduces the amount of fragmentation .	1
What is the disk defragmenter tool	It does this by physically organizing the contents of the mass storage device used to store files into the smallest number of contiguous regions ( fragments ) .	0
What is the disk defragmenter tool	It also attempts to create larger regions of free space using compaction to impede the return of fragmentation .	0
What is the disk defragmenter tool	Some defragmentation utilities try to keep smaller files within a single directory together , as they are often accessed in sequence .	0
What is the disk defragmenter tool	Defragmentation is advantageous and relevant to file systems on electromechanical disk drives .	0
What is the disk defragmenter tool	The movement of the hard drive 's read/write heads over different areas of the disk when accessing fragmented files is slower , compared to accessing the entire contents of a non-fragmented file sequentially without moving the read/write heads to seek other fragments .	0
what is white chocolate made of	White chocolate is a chocolate derivative .	0
what is white chocolate made of	It commonly consists of cocoa butter , sugar , milk solids and salt , and is characterized by a pale yellow or ivory appearance .	1
what is white chocolate made of	The melting point of cocoa butter , its primary cocoa bean component , is high enough to keep white chocolate solid at room temperature .	0
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow	`` Man of Constant Sorrow '' ( also known as `` I Am A Man of Constant Sorrow '' ) is a traditional American folk song first recorded by Dick Burnett , a partially blind fiddler from Kentucky .	1
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow	The song was originally recorded by Burnett as `` Farewell Song '' printed in a Richard Burnett songbook , circa 1913 .	0
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow	An early version was recorded by Emry Arthur in 1928 ( Vocalion Vo 5208 ) .	0
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow	Public interest in the song was renewed after the release of the 2000 film O Brother , Where Art Thou ?	0
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow	, as it plays a central role in the film 's plot .	0
who sings i am a man of constant sorrow	The song was also included in the film 's highly successful , multiple-platinum selling soundtrack .	0
what is civil engineering aBOUT	Design of complex structures like the International Space Station needs in-depth understanding of Structural Analysis .	0
what is civil engineering aBOUT	Civil engineering is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design , construction , and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment , including works like roads , bridges , canals , dams , and buildings .	1
what is civil engineering aBOUT	Civil engineering is the oldest engineering discipline after military engineering , and it was defined to distinguish non-military engineering from military engineering .	0
what is civil engineering aBOUT	It is traditionally broken into several sub-disciplines including environmental engineering , geotechnical engineering , geophysics , geodesy , control engineering , structural engineering , biomechanics , nanotechnology , transportation engineering , earth science , atmospheric sciences , forensic engineering , municipal or urban engineering , water resources engineering , materials engineering , coastal engineering , surveying , and construction engineering .	0
what is civil engineering aBOUT	Civil engineering takes place on all levels : in the public sector from municipal through to national governments , and in the private sector from individual homeowners through to international companies .	0
what is prefix phone number	A telephone prefix is the first set of digits of a telephone number ; in the North American Numbering Plan countries ( country code 1 ) , it is the first three digits of a seven-digit phone number .	1
what is prefix phone number	In other countries both the prefix and the number may have different lengths .	0
what is prefix phone number	It shows which exchange the remaining numbers refer to .	0
what is prefix phone number	A full telephone number is usually made up of country code ( required for international calls only ) , area code ( required for calls between telephone areas ) , prefix , and subscriber number .	0
what is prefix phone number	Some places restrict certain prefixes to fax numbers or cell phones only ; in other places such dedicated prefixes are not used .	0
what is prefix phone number	As telephone technology advanced , the precise significance of the prefix became blurred in many places ; 485 in London , UK , was once the GULliver exchange , but now 44207485xxxx is just considered one of many number blocks served by the CLKEN Kentish Town exchange ; 4420770703xx is another .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox 360 is the second video game console developed by and produced for Microsoft and the successor to the Xbox .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox 360 competes with Sony 's PlayStation 3 and Nintendo 's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	As of September 30 , 2012 , 70 million Xbox 360 consoles have been sold worldwide .	1
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox 360 was officially unveiled on MTV on May 12 , 2005 , with detailed launch and game information divulged later that month at the Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The console sold out completely upon release in all regions except in Japan .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	Several major features of the Xbox 360 are its integrated Xbox Live service that allows players to compete online ; download arcade games , game demos , trailers , TV shows , music and movies ; and its Windows Media Center multimedia capabilities .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The Xbox Live also offers access to various ( often region-specific ) third-party media streaming applications .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	At their E3 presentation on June 14 , 2010 , Microsoft announced a redesigned Xbox 360 that would ship on the same day .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The redesigned console is slimmer than the previous Xbox 360 model and features integrated 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi , TOSLINK S/PDIF optical audio output , five USB 2.0 ports ( compared to the three from older versions ) and a special AUX port .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	Older models of the Xbox 360 have since been discontinued .	0
how many consoles has xbox 360 sold	The first new console to be released features a 250 GB hard drive , while a later , less expensive SKU features 4 GB internal storage .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Elizabeth Cady Stanton and her daughter , Harriot	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Elizabeth Cady Stanton ( November 12 , 1815 – October 26 , 1902 ) was an American social activist , abolitionist , and leading figure of the early women 's rights movement .	1
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Her Declaration of Sentiments , presented at the first women 's rights convention held in 1848 in Seneca Falls , New York , is often credited with initiating the first organized women 's rights and women 's suffrage movements in the United States .	1
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Before Stanton narrowed her political focus almost exclusively to women 's rights , she was an active abolitionist together with her husband , Henry Brewster Stanton and cousin , Gerrit Smith .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Unlike many of those involved in the women 's rights movement , Stanton addressed various issues pertaining to women beyond voting rights .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Her concerns included women 's parental and custody rights , property rights , employment and income rights , divorce , the economic health of the family , and birth control .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	She was also an outspoken supporter of the 19th-century temperance movement .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	After the American Civil War , Stanton 's commitment to female suffrage caused a schism in the women 's rights movement when she , together with Susan B. Anthony , declined to support passage of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	She opposed giving added legal protection and voting rights to African American men while women , black and white , were denied those same rights .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Her position on this issue , together with her thoughts on organized Christianity and women 's issues beyond voting rights , led to the formation of two separate women 's rights organizations that were finally rejoined , with Stanton as president of the joint organization , approximately twenty years after her break from the original women 's suffrage movement .	0
what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of	Stanton died in 1902 having authored both The Woman 's Bible and her autobiography , along with many articles and pamphlets concerning female suffrage and women 's rights .	0
how many innings makes an official game	An official game in baseball , also sometimes called a regulation game , is a game that has progressed beyond the point at which it can be considered complete if necessary .	0
how many innings makes an official game	This is approximately the halfway point of the game .	0
how many innings makes an official game	In the case of inclement weather , any game which has reached this point may be stopped and shortened as needed , with the result being final , and all records and statistics counted .	0
how many innings makes an official game	A game which has not reached this point before being stopped is either considered a suspended game ( to be continued at a later date from the point of stoppage ) , or is simply canceled and replayed from the start .	0
how many innings makes an official game	( This depends on the rules of each individual league . )	0
how many innings makes an official game	In either case , no statistics are counted until the game becomes official .	0
how many innings makes an official game	Since most professional baseball games are nine innings long , the fifth inning is used as the threshold for an official game .	1
how many innings makes an official game	If the visiting team is leading , or the game is tied , the end of the fifth inning marks this point .	0
how many innings makes an official game	If the home team ( which bats last ) is already ahead in the score , and theoretically would not need its half of the fifth inning , then 41⁄2 innings ( i.e. , the middle of the fifth ) is considered an official game .	0
how many innings makes an official game	The game is also considered official if the home team scores to take the lead in the bottom of the fifth inning , since the game would end immediately if the same thing happened in the ninth .	0
how many innings makes an official game	In nearly all cases , the `` official game '' status is used to determine whether a rain check will be honored for fans holding tickets .	0
how many innings makes an official game	If a game is started but does not reach the point of becoming official , fans are entitled to a new ticket for the make-up game or ( in most cases ) any other available game of their choice .	0
how many innings makes an official game	If a game is halted after it becomes official , the game is simply shortened and no rain check is given .	0
how many innings makes an official game	The `` official game '' statistic received some attention during the 1995 season , when Cal Ripken , Jr. was approaching the record for consecutive games played , previously held by Lou Gehrig .	0
how many innings makes an official game	Large numbers were hung on the side of the B & O Warehouse at Oriole Park at Camden Yards to show the number of games in Ripken 's streak .	0
how many innings makes an official game	Each day , a new number was unfurled during the fifth inning after each game had become official ( since the statistic would not have counted if the game had been stopped before that point ) .	0
how many innings makes an official game	A similar practice has been used to count down toward the demolition of several stadiums ( including Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia in 2003 , Busch Memorial Stadium in St. Louis in 2005 , and the original Yankee Stadium and Shea Stadium in New York City in 2008 ) ; as each game became official , the team would unveil a new ( lower ) number showing the number of games left to be played in the stadium .	0
who is E from entourage	Eric `` E . ''	1
who is E from entourage	Murphy is a fictional character on the comedy-drama television series Entourage .	0
who is E from entourage	He is played by Kevin Connolly .	0
what is lung effusion	Pleural effusion is excess fluid that accumulates between the two pleural layers , the fluid-filled space that surrounds the lungs .	1
what is lung effusion	Excessive amounts of such fluid can impair breathing by limiting the expansion of the lungs during ventilation .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The mucous membranes ( or mucosae or mucosas ; singular mucosa ) are linings of mostly endodermal origin , covered in epithelium , which are involved in absorption and secretion .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	They line cavities that are exposed to the external environment and internal organs .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	They are at several places contiguous with skin : at the nostrils , the lips of the mouth , the eyelids , the ears , the genital area , and the anus .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The sticky , thick fluid secreted by the mucous membranes and glands is termed mucus .	1
what do mucous membranes secrete	The term mucous membrane refers to where they are found in the body and not every mucous membrane secretes mucus .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The glans clitoridis , glans penis ( head of the penis ) , along with the inside of the foreskin and the clitoral hood , are mucous membranes .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The urethra is also a mucous membrane .	0
what do mucous membranes secrete	The secreted mucus traps the pathogens in the body , preventing any further activities of diseases .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	Note : this article adopts the U.S. Department of Transportation 's definition of a passenger vehicle , to mean a car or truck , used for passengers , excluding buses and trains .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The United States is home to the largest passenger vehicle market of any country in the world .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	Overall , there were an estimated 254.4 million registered passenger vehicles in the United States according to a 2007 DOT study .	1
how many vehicles are registered in the us	This number , along with the average age of vehicles , has increased steadily since 1960 , indicating a growing number of vehicles per capita .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The Chinese car market , however , is poised to soon exceed the United States ; by the end of 2012 , there were over 240 million cars on the road in China .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The United States is also home to three large vehicle manufacturers : General Motors , Ford Motor Company and Chrysler , which have historically been referred to as the `` Big Three . ''	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	Chrysler however is no longer among the top three ; but is number five , behind Toyota and Honda .	0
how many vehicles are registered in the us	The motor car has clearly become an integral part of American life , with vehicles outnumbering licensed drivers .	0
who owns hamburger helper	200px	0
who owns hamburger helper	Hamburger Helper is a line of packaged food products primarily consisting of boxed pasta bundled with a packet or packets of powdered sauce or seasonings .	0
who owns hamburger helper	The contents of each box are combined with browned ground beef , water and milk to create a complete dish .	0
who owns hamburger helper	The product line also features products with other starches such as rice or potatoes instead of pasta .	0
who owns hamburger helper	It is made by General Mills .	1
who owns hamburger helper	Although the classic boxed Hamburger Helper products only supply the starch item and the sauce packets , some varieties of the product include ground beef .	0
who owns hamburger helper	These include a frozen food line , which features some of the brand 's classic varieties in a complete meal kit form , with frozen ground beef and frozen sauce packaged separately from the noodles in the same bag .	0
who owns hamburger helper	There is also an `` instant '' version of Hamburger Helper containing dehydrated meat , noodles and seasonings in a small pouch , requiring only water to be added .	0
who owns hamburger helper	The Hamburger Helper mascot is the `` Helping Hand '' , an anthropomorphic animated , four fingered left-hand glove , which appears in the product 's television commercials and on the packages .	0
who invented the television	The history of television comprises the work of numerous engineers and inventors in several countries over many decades .	0
who invented the television	The earliest proposal was in 1908 , in a paper by A . A. Campbell-Swinton and postulated the use of cathode rays .	1
who invented the television	The first practical demonstrations of television , however , were developed using electromechanical methods to scan , transmit , and reproduce an image .	0
who invented the television	As electronic camera and display tubes were perfected , electromechanical television gave way to all-electronic systems in nearly all applications .	0
What are the busiest airports in the world	The definition of the world 's busiest airport has been specified by the Airports Council International in Geneva , Switzerland .	1
What are the busiest airports in the world	The ACI defines and measures the following three types of airport traffic:	0
What are the busiest airports in the world	Passenger traffic : total passengers emplaned and deplaned , passengers in transit counted once	0
What are the busiest airports in the world	Cargo traffic : loaded and unloaded freight and mail in metric tonnes	0
What are the busiest airports in the world	Traffic movements : landings and take-offs of aircraft	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The University of California , Santa Barbara ( commonly referred to as UC Santa Barbara or UCSB ) is a public research university and one of the ten general campuses of the University of California system .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The main campus is located on a site in Goleta , California , United States , from Santa Barbara and northwest of Los Angeles .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	Tracing its roots back to 1891 as an independent teachers ' college , UCSB joined the University of California system in 1944 and is the third-oldest general-education campus in the system .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB is one of America 's Public Ivy universities , which recognizes top public research universities in the United States .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The university is a comprehensive doctoral university and is organized into five colleges and schools offering 87 undergraduate degrees and 55 graduate degrees .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The campus is the 6th-largest in the UC system by enrollment with 18,977 undergraduate and 2,950 graduate students .	1
how many students go to santa barbara	In 2012 , UCSB was ranked 41st among `` National Universities '' and 10th among public universities by U.S. News & World Report .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The university was also ranked 35th worldwide by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and 34th worldwide ( 6th worldwide for engineering ) by the Academic Ranking of World Universities in 2012. < ref name= '' Shanghairanking.com/FieldENG2012 '' >	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UC Santa Barbara is a `` very high activity '' research university and spent $ 191.2 million on research expenditures in the 2007 fiscal year , 97th-largest in the United States .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB houses twelve national research centers , including the renowned Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB faculty includes five Nobel Prize laureates , one Fields Medalist , 29 members of the National Academy of Sciences , 27 members of the National Academy of Engineering , and 31 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	UCSB was the No . 3 host on the ARPAnet and was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1995 .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The UC Santa Barbara Gauchos compete in the NCAA Division I Big West Conference .	0
how many students go to santa barbara	The Gauchos have won NCAA national championships in men 's soccer and men 's water polo .	0
what is in a will	A will or testament is a legal declaration by which a person , the testator , names one or more persons to manage his/her estate and provides for the transfer of his property at death .	1
what is in a will	For the devolution of property not disposed of by will , see inheritance and intestacy .	0
what is in a will	In the strictest sense , a `` will '' has historically been limited to real property while `` testament '' applies only to dispositions of personal property ( thus giving rise to the popular title of the document as `` Last Will and Testament '' ) , though this distinction is seldom observed today .	0
what is in a will	A will may also create a testamentary trust that is effective only after the death of the testator .	0
what is cubic ft	The term cubic foot is an Imperial and US customary ( non- metric ) unit of volume , used in the United States and the United Kingdom .	1
what is cubic ft	It is defined as the volume of a cube with sides of one foot ( 0.3048 m ) in length .	0
what is cubic ft	To calculate cubic feet multiply length X width X height .	0
Where is South Beach in Miami	South Beach , also nicknamed SoBe , is a neighborhood in the city of Miami Beach , Florida , United States , located due east of Miami city proper between Biscayne Bay and the Atlantic Ocean .	1
Where is South Beach in Miami	The area encompasses all of the barrier islands of Miami Beach south of Indian Creek .	0
Where is South Beach in Miami	This area was the first section of Miami Beach to be developed , starting in the 1910s , thanks to the development efforts of Carl G. Fisher , the Lummus Brothers , and John S. Collins , the latter whose construction of the Collins Bridge provided the first vital land link between mainland Miami and the beaches .	0
Where is South Beach in Miami	The area has gone through numerous artificial and natural changes over the years , including a booming regional economy , increased tourism , and the 1926 hurricane , which destroyed much of the area .	0
Where is South Beach in Miami	As of 2010 , about 39,186 residents live in South Beach .	0
what county is St. Elizabeth MO in	St. Elizabeth is a village in Miller County , Missouri , United States .	1
what county is St. Elizabeth MO in	The population was 336 at the 2010 census .	0
what is high emotional intelligence ?	Emotional intelligence ( EI ) is the ability to identify , assess , and control the emotions of oneself , of others , and of groups .	1
what is high emotional intelligence ?	It can be divided into ability EI and trait EI .	0
what is high emotional intelligence ?	Ability EI is usually measured using maximum performance tests and has stronger relationships with traditional intelligence , whereas trait EI is usually measured using self-report questionnaires and has stronger relationships with personality .	0
what is high emotional intelligence ?	Criticisms have centered on whether EI is a real intelligence and whether it has incremental validity over IQ and the Big Five personality traits .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	Meister means master in German ( as in master craftsman , or as an honorific title such as Meister Eckhart ) .	1
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	The word is akin to maestro .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	In sports , Meister is used for the current national , European or world champion ( Deutscher Meister , *Europameister , Weltmeister ) .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	Many modern day German police forces use the title Meister .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	During the Second World War , Meister was the highest enlisted rank of the Ordnungspolizei .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	Meister has been borrowed into English slang , where it is used in compound nouns .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	A person referred to as “Meister” is one who has extensive theoretical knowledge and practical skills in his profession , business , or some other kind of work or activity .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	For example , a “puzzle-meister” would be someone highly skilled at solving puzzles .	0
What does the name `` Meister '' mean in German	These neologisms sometimes have a sarcastic intent ( for example , “stubble-meister” for someone with a short , neat beard or “crier-meister” for someone who often cries ) .	0
what are loan originations	Loan origination is the process by which a borrower applies for a new loan , and a lender processes that application .	1
what are loan originations	Origination generally includes all the steps from taking a loan application up to disbursal of funds ( or declining the application ) .	0
what are loan originations	Loan servicing covers everything after disbursing the funds until the loan is fully paid off .	0
what are loan originations	Loan origination is a specialized version of new account opening for financial services organizations .	1
what are loan originations	Certain people and organizations specialize in loan origination .	0
what are loan originations	Mortgage brokers and other mortgage originator companies serve as a prominent example .	0
what are loan originations	There are many different types of loans .	0
what are loan originations	For more information on loan types , see the loan and consumer lending articles .	0
what are loan originations	Steps involved in originating a loan vary by loan type , various kinds of loan risk , regulator , lender policy , and other factors .	0
what is a ti 82 ?	The TI-82 is a graphing calculator made by Texas Instruments .	1
what is a ti 82 ?	The TI-82 was designed in 1993 as a stripped down , more user friendly version of the TI-85 , and as a replacement for the TI-81 .	1
what is a ti 82 ?	It was the direct predecessor of the TI-83 .	0
what is a ti 82 ?	It shares with the TI-85 a 6 MHz Zilog Z80 microprocessor .	0
what is a ti 82 ?	Like the TI-81 , the TI-82 features a 96x64 pixel display , and the core feature set of the TI-81 with many new features .	0
what caused the world war 2	German battleship Schleswig-Holstein , Westerplatte , September 1 , 1939	0
what caused the world war 2	Destroyer USS Shaw exploding after her forward magazine was detonated during the Attack on Pearl Harbor	0
what caused the world war 2	The main causes of World War II were nationalistic issues , unresolved issues , and resentments resulting from World War I and the interwar period in Europe , in addition to the effects of the Great Depression in the 1930s .	1
what caused the world war 2	The culmination of events that led to the outbreak of war are generally understood to be the 1939 invasion of Poland by Germany and Soviet Russia and the 1937 invasion of the Republic of China by the Empire of Japan .	1
what caused the world war 2	These military aggressions were the result of decisions made by the authoritarian ruling Nazi elite in Germany and by the leadership of the Kwantung Army in Japan .	0
what caused the world war 2	World War II started after these aggressive actions were met with an official declaration of war and/or armed resistance .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	Salesforce.com Inc. is a global enterprise software company headquartered in San Francisco , California .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	Though best known for its customer relationship management ( CRM ) product , Salesforce has also expanded into the `` social enterprise arena '' through acquisitions .	1
what does salesforce.com do ?	It is currently ranked the most innovative company in America by Forbes magazine , as well as number 27 in Fortunes magazine 's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2012 .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	As of April 2013 , the company is ranked sixth in providing services in marketing and customer service automation .	0
what does salesforce.com do ?	It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the S & P 500 index .	0
what county is jennings , la	Jennings is a small city in and the parish seat of Jefferson Davis Parish , Louisiana , United States , near Lake Charles .	1
what county is jennings , la	The population was 10,383 at the 2010 census , a small decline from the 2000 tabulation .	0
what county is jennings , la	The city is 68 percent white .	0
what county is jennings , la	Jennings is the principal city of the Jennings Micropolitan Statistical Area , which includes all of Jefferson Davis Parish .	0
what county is jennings , la	It is also part of the larger Lake Charles-Jennings Combined Statistical Area .	0
how many users do twitter have	Twitter is an online social networking service and microblogging service that enables its users to send and read text-based messages of up to 140 characters , known as `` tweets '' .	0
how many users do twitter have	Twitter was created in March 2006 by Jack Dorsey and by July , the social networking site was launched .	0
how many users do twitter have	The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity , with over 500 million registered users as of 2012 , generating over 340 million tweets daily and handling over 1.6 billion search queries per day .	1
how many users do twitter have	Since its launch , Twitter has become one of the ten most visited websites on the Internet , and has been described as `` the SMS of the Internet . ''	0
how many users do twitter have	Unregistered users can read tweets , while registered users can post tweets through the website interface , SMS , or a range of apps for mobile devices .	0
how many users do twitter have	Twitter Inc. is based in San Francisco , with additional servers and offices in New York City , Boston , and San Antonio .	0
how a rocket engine works	RS-68 being tested at NASA 's Stennis Space Center .	0
how a rocket engine works	The nearly transparent exhaust is due to this engine 's exhaust being mostly superheated steam ( water vapor from its propellants , hydrogen and oxygen )	0
how a rocket engine works	Viking 5C rocket engine	0
how a rocket engine works	A rocket engine , or simply `` rocket '' , is a jet engine that uses only stored propellant mass for forming its high speed propulsive jet .	1
how a rocket engine works	Rocket engines are reaction engines and obtain thrust in accordance with Newton 's third law .	0
how a rocket engine works	Since they need no external material to form their jet , rocket engines can be used for spacecraft propulsion as well as terrestrial uses , such as missiles .	0
how a rocket engine works	Most rocket engines are internal combustion engines , although non-combusting forms also exist .	0
how a rocket engine works	Rocket engines as a group have the highest exhaust velocities , are by far the lightest , but are the least propellant efficient of all types of jet engines .	0
who is paul avery to the zodiac killings	Paul Avery ( April 2 , 1934December 10 , 2000 ) was an American police reporter , best known for his stories on the infamous serial killer known as the Zodiac , and later for his work on the Patricia Hearst kidnapping .	1
who did richard nixon refer to as the silent majority	The silent majority is an unspecified large majority of people in a country or group who do not express their opinions publicly .	0
who did richard nixon refer to as the silent majority	The term was popularized ( though not first used ) by U.S. President Richard Nixon in a November 3 , 1969 , speech in which he said , `` And so tonight—to you , the great silent majority of my fellow Americans—I ask for your support . ''	1
who did richard nixon refer to as the silent majority	In this usage it referred to those Americans who did not join in the large demonstrations against the Vietnam War at the time , who did not join in the counterculture , and who did not participate in public discourse .	1
who did richard nixon refer to as the silent majority	Nixon along with many others saw this group of Middle Americans as being overshadowed in the media by the more vocal minority .	0
who did richard nixon refer to as the silent majority	The phrase was used in the 19th century as a euphemism referring to all the people who have died , and others have used it before and after Nixon to refer to groups of voters in various nations of the world .	0
when did andrea doria sink	SS Andrea Doria .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Pronounced was an ocean liner for the Italian Line ( Società di navigazione Italia ) home ported in Genoa , Italy , most famous for its sinking in 1956 , when 52 people died ( 51 from immediate impact ) .	1
when did andrea doria sink	Named after the 16th-century Genoese admiral Andrea Doria , the ship had a gross register tonnage of 29,100 and a capacity of about 1,200 passengers and 500 crew .	0
when did andrea doria sink	For a country attempting to rebuild its economy and reputation after World War II , Andrea Doria was an icon of Italian national pride .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Of all Italy 's ships at the time , Andrea Doria was the largest , fastest and supposedly safest .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Launched on 16 June 1951 , the ship undertook its maiden voyage on 14 January 1953 .	0
when did andrea doria sink	On 25 July 1956 , while the Andrea Doria was approaching the coast of Nantucket , Massachusetts , bound for New York City , the eastbound of the Swedish American Line collided with it in what became one of history 's most infamous maritime disasters .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Struck in the side , the top-heavy Andrea Doria immediately started to list severely to starboard , which left half of its lifeboats unusable .	0
when did andrea doria sink	The consequent shortage of lifeboats might have resulted in significant loss of life , but the efficiency of the ship 's technical design allowed it to stay afloat for over 11 hours after the ramming .	0
when did andrea doria sink	The good behavior of the crew , improvements in communications and the rapid response of other ships averted a disaster similar in scale to that of the in 1912 .	0
when did andrea doria sink	1,660 passengers and crew were rescued and survived , while 46 people died as a consequence of the collision .	0
when did andrea doria sink	The evacuated luxury liner capsized and sank the following morning .	0
when did andrea doria sink	This accident remains the worst maritime disaster to occur in United States waters since the sinking of the in 1915 .	0
when did andrea doria sink	The incident and its aftermath were heavily covered by the news media .	0
when did andrea doria sink	While the rescue efforts were both successful and commendable , the cause of the collision with the Stockholm and the loss of Andrea Doria generated much interest in the media and many lawsuits .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Largely because of an out-of-court settlement agreement between the two shipping companies during hearings immediately after the disaster , no determination of the cause ( s ) was ever formally published .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Although greater blame appeared initially to fall on the Italian liner , more recent discoveries have indicated that a misreading of radar on the Swedish ship may have initiated the collision course , leading to errors on both ships .	0
when did andrea doria sink	Andrea Doria was the last major transatlantic passenger vessel to sink before aircraft became the preferred method of travel .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	The panda ( Ailuropoda melanoleuca , lit .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	`` black and white cat-foot '' ) , also known as the giant panda to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda , is a bear native to central-western and south western China .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	It is easily recognized by the large , distinctive black patches around its eyes , over the ears , and across its round body .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	Though it belongs to the order Carnivora , the panda 's diet is 99 % bamboo .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	Pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses , wild tubers , or even meat in the form of birds , rodents or carrion .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	In captivity , they may receive honey , eggs , fish , yams , shrub leaves , oranges , or bananas along with specially prepared food .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China , mainly in Sichuan province , but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces .	1
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	As a result of farming , deforestation and other development , the panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	The panda is a conservation reliant endangered species .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	A 2007 report shows 239 pandas living in captivity inside China and another 27 outside the country .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	Wild population estimates vary ; one estimate shows that there are about 1,590 individuals living in the wild , while a 2006 study via DNA analysis estimated that this figure could be as high as 2,000 to 3,000 .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	Some reports also show that the number of pandas in the wild is on the rise .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	However , the IUCN does not believe there is enough certainty yet to reclassify the species from Endangered to Vulnerable .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	While the dragon has often served as China 's national emblem , internationally the panda appears at least as commonly .	0
where are Giant Panda Bears found ?	As such , it is becoming widely used within China in international contexts , for example the five Fuwa mascots of the Beijing Olympics .	0
how many days does the chinese new year last	{ { Infobox Holiday	0
how many days does the chinese new year last	Chinese New Year	0
how many days does the chinese new year last	9 – 12 February ( Vietnam )	1
who makes blackberry	The BlackBerry is a line of wireless handheld devices and services designed and marketed by Research In Motion Limited ( RIM ) operating as BlackBerry .	1
who makes blackberry	The first BlackBerry device , an email pager , was released in 1999 ; the most recent BlackBerry devices , the Z10 and Q10 , were announced on January 30 , 2013 .	0
who makes blackberry	The user interface varies by model ; most feature a physical QWERTY keyboard , while newer generations have relied on a multi-touch screen and virtual keyboard .	0
who makes blackberry	A BlackBerry can shoot video , take photos , play music , and perform online functions such as web-browsing and emailing .	0
who makes blackberry	They can also send and receive push email and instant messages while maintaining a high level of security through on-device message encryption , and are designed to function as personal digital assistants .	0
who makes blackberry	BlackBerry devices support a large variety of instant messaging features , with the most popular being the proprietary BlackBerry Messenger service .	0
who makes blackberry	The BlackBerry PlayBook is a tablet computer offered by the company .	0
who makes blackberry	The 100 millionth BlackBerry smartphone was shipped in June quarter of 2010 and the 200 millionth smartphone was shipped in September quarter of 2012 .	0
who makes blackberry	BlackBerry accounts for 3 % of mobile device sales worldwide in 2011 , making its manufacturer the sixth most popular device maker ( 25 % of mobile device sales are smartphones ) .	0
who makes blackberry	The consumer BlackBerry Internet Service is available in 91 countries worldwide on over 500 mobile service operators using various mobile technologies .	0
who makes blackberry	As of September 2012 , there were eighty million subscribers worldwide to BlackBerry .	0
who makes blackberry	In 2011 the Caribbean and Latin America had the highest penetrations of BlackBerry smartphones worldwide , with up to about 45 per cent in the region having a RIM device .	0
who makes blackberry	BlackBerry , iPhone , Android , and Windows Phone are considered the four major smartphone brands .	0
who makes blackberry	BlackBerry is widely referred to as `` CrackBerry '' in the United States , which alludes to its excessive use by its owners and is a reference to the addictiveness of crack cocaine .	0
who makes blackberry	Use of the term CrackBerry became so widespread that in November 2006 Webster 's New World College Dictionary named `` crackberry '' the `` New Word of the Year . ''	0
what kind a is tilapia	Tilapia ( ) is the common name for nearly a hundred species of cichlid fish from the tilapiine cichlid tribe .	1
what kind a is tilapia	Tilapia are mainly freshwater fish , inhabiting shallow streams , ponds , rivers and lakes , and less commonly found living in brackish water .	0
what kind a is tilapia	Historically , they have been of major importance in artisan fishing in Africa and the Levant , and are of increasing importance in aquaculture .	0
what kind a is tilapia	Tilapia can become problematic invasive species in new warm-water habitats , whether deliberately or accidentally introduced , but generally not in temperate climates due to their inability to survive in cooler waters below about .	0
where are facial sinuses	Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity ( maxillary sinuses ) , above the eyes ( frontal sinuses ) , between the eyes ( ethmoid sinuses ) , and behind the ethmoids ( sphenoid sinuses ) .	1
where are facial sinuses	The sinuses are named for the facial bones in which they are located .	0
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	Catherine II 's carved , painted and gilded Coronation Coach ( Hermitage Museum )	0
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	A carriage is a wheeled vehicle for people , usually horse-drawn ; litters ( palanquins ) and sedan chairs are excluded , since they are wheelless vehicles .	1
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	The carriage is especially designed for private passenger use and for comfort or elegance , though some are also used to transport goods .	0
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	It may be light , smart and fast or heavy , large and comfortable .	0
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	Carriages normally have suspension using leaf springs , elliptical springs ( in the 19th century ) or leather strapping .	0
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	A public passenger vehicle would not usually be called a carriage – terms for such include stagecoach , charabanc and omnibus .	0
what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle	Working vehicles such as the ( four-wheeled ) wagon and ( two-wheeled ) cart share important parts of the history of the carriage , as is the fast ( two-wheeled ) chariot .	0
what is a vetting process	Vetting is the process of performing a background check on someone before offering them employment , conferring an award , etc .	1
what is a vetting process	A prospective person or project may be vetted before making a hiring decision .	0
what is a vetting process	In addition , in intelligence gathering , assets are vetted to determine their usefulness .	0
how do pineapples grow	The Pineapple ( Ananas comosus ) is a tropical plant with edible multiple fruit consisting of coalesced berries , and the most economically significant plant in the Bromeliaceae family .	0
how do pineapples grow	Pineapples may be cultivated from a crown cutting of the fruit , possibly flowering in 20–24 months and fruiting in the following six months .	1
how do pineapples grow	Pineapple does not ripen significantly post-harvest .	0
how do pineapples grow	Pineapples are consumed fresh , cooked , juiced , and preserved , and are found in a wide array of cuisines .	0
how do pineapples grow	In addition to consumption , in the Philippines the pineapple 's leaves are used to produce the textile fiber piña - employed as a component of wall paper and furnishings , amongst other uses .	0
what are some chinese inventions	China has been the source of many inventions , including the Four Great Inventions : papermaking , the compass , gunpowder , and printing ( both woodblock and movable type ) .	1
what are some chinese inventions	The list below contains these and other inventions .	0
what are some chinese inventions	The Chinese invented technologies involving mechanics , hydraulics , and mathematics applied to horology , metallurgy , astronomy , agriculture , engineering , music theory , craftsmanship , nautics , and warfare .	1
what are some chinese inventions	By the Warring States Period ( 403–221 BC ) , they had advanced metallurgic technology , including the blast furnace and cupola furnace , while the finery forge and puddling process were known by the Han Dynasty ( 202 BC – AD 220 ) .	0
what are some chinese inventions	A sophisticated economic system in China gave birth to inventions such as paper money during the Song Dynasty ( 960–1279 ) .	0
what are some chinese inventions	The invention of gunpowder by the 10th century led to an array of inventions such as the fire lance , land mine , naval mine , hand cannon , exploding cannonballs , multistage rocket , and rocket bombs with aerodynamic wings and explosive payloads .	0
what are some chinese inventions	With the navigational aid of the 11th-century compass and ability to steer at high sea with the 1st-century sternpost rudder , premodern Chinese sailors sailed as far as East Africa and Egypt .	0
what are some chinese inventions	In water-powered clockworks , the premodern Chinese had used the escapement mechanism since the 8th century and the endless power-transmitting chain drive in the 11th century .	0
what are some chinese inventions	They also made large mechanical puppet theaters driven by waterwheels and carriage wheels and wine-serving automatons driven by paddle wheel boats .	0
what are some chinese inventions	The contemporaneous Peiligang and Pengtoushan cultures represent the oldest Neolithic cultures of China and were formed around 7000 BC .	0
what are some chinese inventions	Some of the first inventions of Neolithic , prehistoric China include semilunar and rectangular stone knives , stone hoes and spades , the cultivation of millet , rice and the soybean , the refinement of sericulture , the building of rammed earth structures with lime -plastered house floors , the creation of the potter 's wheel , the creation of pottery with cord-mat-basket designs , the creation of pottery tripods and pottery steamers , and the development of ceremonial vessels and scapulimancy for purposes of divination .	0
what are some chinese inventions	Francesca Bray argues that the domestication of the ox and buffalo during the Longshan culture ( c. 3000–c . 2000 BC ) period , the absence of Longshan-era irrigation or high-yield crops , full evidence of Longshan cultivation of dry-land cereal crops which gave high yields `` only when the soil was carefully cultivated , '' suggest that the plow was known at least by the Longshan culture period and explains the high agricultural production yields which allowed the rise of Chinese civilization during the Shang Dynasty ( c. 1600–c . 1050 BC ) .	0
what are some chinese inventions	With later inventions such as the multiple-tube seed drill and heavy moldboard iron plow , China 's agricultural output could sustain a much larger population .	0
what are some chinese inventions	For the purposes of this list , inventions are regarded as technological firsts developed in China , and as such does not include foreign technologies which the Chinese acquired through contact , such as the windmill from the Middle East or the telescope from Early modern Europe .	0
what are some chinese inventions	It also does not include technologies developed elsewhere and later invented separately by the Chinese , such as the odometer and chain pump .	0
what are some chinese inventions	Scientific , mathematic or natural discoveries , changes in minor concepts of design or style and artistic innovations can not be regarded as inventions and do not appear on the list .	0
what is a league in the sea	A league is a unit of length ( or , rarely , area ) .	0
what is a league in the sea	It was long common in Europe and Latin America , but it is no longer an official unit in any nation .	0
what is a league in the sea	The league originally referred to the distance a person could walk in an hour .	0
what is a league in the sea	Since the Middle Ages , many values have been specified in several countries .	0
what is a league in the sea	In the context of nautical distances , the 3 mile ( 4.8 km ) distance corresponds to how far an observer of average height ( 5'9 '' or 1.78 m ) can see when standing at sea level .	1
what is a league in the sea	Thus , a ship traveling one `` league '' has reached what was previously the farthest visible distance on the horizon .	0
what is a league in the sea	The lack of a historical and global standard for the exact measure of a `` league '' can be accounted for by the variable elevation of the observer ( i.e. , sightings from a ship 's deck vs. masthead ) .	0
how are public schools funded	State schools ( also known as public schools or government schools ) generally refer to primary or secondary schools mandated for or offered to all children without charge paid for , in whole or in part , by taxation .	1
how are public schools funded	The term may also refer to institutions of post-secondary education funded , in whole or in part , and overseen by government .	1
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	A Masonic Lodge , often termed a Private Lodge or Constituent Lodge , is the basic organisational unit of Freemasonry .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	Every new Lodge must be warranted or chartered by a Grand Lodge , but is subject to its direction only in enforcing the published Constitution of the jurisdiction .	1
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	By exception the three surviving lodges that formed the world 's first known Grand Lodge in London ( today called the United Grand Lodge of England ) have the unique privilege to operate as time immemorial i.e . without such warrant ; only one other lodge operates without a warrant - this is the Grand Stewards ' Lodge in London , although it is not also entitled to the `` time immemorial '' title .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	A Freemason is generally entitled to visit any Lodge , in any jurisdiction ( i.e . under any Grand Lodge ) in amity with his own .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	In some jurisdictions this privilege is restricted to Master Masons ( that is , Freemasons who have attained the Order 's third degree ) .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	He is first usually required to check , and certify , the regularity of the relationship of the Lodge - and be able to satisfy that Lodge of his regularity of membership .	0
what does it take to start a lodge in freemason	Freemasons gather together as a Lodge to work the three basic Degrees of Entered Apprentice , Fellowcraft and Master Mason .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	The stadium seen from above in 1980	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	December 29 , 2002 implosion	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	The Riverfront Stadium site in June , 2006 .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	This photo was taken from the western concourse of Great American Ball Park .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	A small portion of the Riverfront Stadium site is now occupied by the Reds ' Hall of Fame and Museum and Main Street , which was extended when the new park was built .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	The Cincinnati Bengals ' Paul Brown Stadium is in the distance .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	Riverfront Stadium ( 1970–1995 ) , later known as Cinergy Field ( 1996–2002 ) , was the home of the Cincinnati Reds National League baseball team and the Cincinnati Bengals National Football League team .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	Located on the Ohio River in downtown Cincinnati , the stadium was best known as the home of `` The Big Red Machine `` , as the Reds were often called in the 1970s .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	Construction began on February 1 , 1968 , and was completed at a cost of less than $ 50 million .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	On June 30 , 1970 , the Reds hosted the Atlanta Braves in their grand opening , with Hank Aaron hitting the first ever home run at Riverfront .	1
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	Two weeks later on July 14 , 1970 , Riverfront hosted the 1970 Major League Baseball All-Star Game .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	This game is best remembered for the often-replayed collision at home plate between Reds star Pete Rose and catcher Ray Fosse of the Cleveland Indians .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	In September 1996 , Riverfront Stadium was renamed `` Cinergy Field '' in a sponsorship deal with Greater Cincinnati 's energy company , Cinergy Corporation .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	In 2001 , to make room for Great American Ball Park , the seating capacity at Cinergy Field was reduced to 39,000 .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	There was a huge wall in Center Field visible after the renovations , to serve as the batter 's eye .	0
who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium ?	The stadium was demolished by implosion on December 29 , 2002 .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	The United States presidential election of 1960 was the 44th quadrennial presidential election , held on Tuesday , November 8 , 1960 .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	The Republican Party nominated incumbent Vice-President Richard Nixon , while the Democratic Party nominated John F. Kennedy , Senator from Massachusetts .	1
who was john f kennedy up against	The incumbent President , Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower , was not eligible for re-election after serving the maximum two terms allowed by the Twenty-second Amendment .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	Kennedy was elected with a lead of 112,827 votes , or 0.17 % of the popular vote , giving him a victory of 303 to 219 in the Electoral College , the closest since 1916 .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	This was the first election in which all fifty of the current United States participated .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	A number of factors explain why the election was so close .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	Kennedy gained since there was an economic recession which hurt the incumbent Republican , and he had the advantage of 17 million more registered Democrats than Republicans .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	Furthermore , the new votes that Kennedy gained among Catholics almost neutralized the new votes Nixon gained among Protestants .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	Kennedy 's campaigning skills decisively outmatched Nixon 's .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	In the end , Nixon 's emphasis on his experience carried little weight , and he wasted energy by campaigning in all 50 states instead of concentrating on the swing states .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	Kennedy used his large , well-funded campaign organization to win the nomination , secure endorsements , and , with the aid of the last of the big-city bosses , to get out the vote in the big cities .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	He relied on running mate Lyndon B. Johnson to hold the South and used television effectively .	0
who was john f kennedy up against	This election is notable as being the first time in U.S. history that two sitting U.S . Senators ( Kennedy and Johnson ) were elected as president and vice-president , a phenomenon that has been repeated once , by Barack Obama and Joe Biden in 2008 ( in both cases , the president was the younger , more junior senator ) .	0
how does black pepper grow	Black pepper ( Piper nigrum ) is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae , cultivated for its fruit , which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning .	1
how does black pepper grow	The fruit , known as a peppercorn when dried , is approximately in diameter , dark red when fully mature , and , like all drupes , contains a single seed .	0
how does black pepper grow	Peppercorns , and the ground pepper derived from them , may be described simply as pepper , or more precisely as black pepper ( cooked and dried unripe fruit ) , green pepper ( dried unripe fruit ) and white pepper ( dried ripe seeds ) .	0
how does black pepper grow	Black pepper is native to south India , and is extensively cultivated there and elsewhere in tropical regions .	0
how does black pepper grow	Currently Vietnam is the world 's largest producer and exporter of pepper , producing 34 % of the world 's Piper nigrum crop as of 2008 .	0
how does black pepper grow	Dried ground pepper has been used since antiquity for both its flavour and as a medicine .	0
how does black pepper grow	Black pepper is the world 's most traded spice .	0
how does black pepper grow	It is one of the most common spices added to European cuisine and its descendants .	0
how does black pepper grow	The spiciness of black pepper is due to the chemical piperine , not to be confused with the capsaicin that gives fleshy peppers theirs .	0
how does black pepper grow	It is in the modern world , often paired with salt .	0
who owns smirnoff	Smirnoff is a brand of vodka owned and produced by the British company Diageo .	1
who owns smirnoff	The Smirnoff brand began with a vodka distillery founded in Moscow by Pyotr Arsenievich Smirnov ( 1831–1898 ) .	0
who owns smirnoff	It is now distributed in 130 countries .	0
who owns smirnoff	It is produced in several countries including India , Ireland , Italy , the United Kingdom and the United States .	0
who owns smirnoff	Smirnoff products include vodka , flavoured vodka , and malt beverages .	0
who owns smirnoff	In March 2006 , Diageo North America claimed that Smirnoff vodka was the best-selling distilled spirit brand in the world .	0
when did secretariat win	Secretariat ( March 30 , 1970 – October 4 , 1989 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that in 1973 became the first U.S . Triple Crown champion in 25 years .	1
when did secretariat win	He set race records in all three events in the Series — the Kentucky Derby ( 1:59.4 ) , the Preakness Stakes ( 1:53 ) , and the Belmont Stakes ( 2:24 ) — records that still stand today .	0
when did secretariat win	He is considered to be one of the greatest Thoroughbreds of all time .	0
when did secretariat win	In 1999 , ESPN ranked Secretariat the 35th best athlete of the 20th century , the highest ranking racehorse on the list URL_http .	0
when did secretariat win	He ranked second behind Man o ' War in The Blood-Horse 's List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century .	0
when did secretariat win	Secretariat was sired by Bold Ruler out of Somethingroyal , by Princequillo .	0
when did secretariat win	He was foaled at The Meadow in Caroline County , Virginia .	0
when did secretariat win	Like his famous predecessor Man o ' War , Secretariat was a large chestnut colt and was given the same nickname , `` Big Red . ''	0
when did secretariat win	Secretariat 's grandsire , Nasrullah , is also the great-great-grandsire of 1977 Triple Crown winner Seattle Slew .	0
when did secretariat win	Owned by Penny Chenery , he was trained by Lucien Laurin and mainly ridden by Canadian jockey Ron Turcotte , along with apprentice jockey Paul Feliciano ( first two races ) , and veteran Eddie Maple ( last race ) .	0
when did secretariat win	He raced in Chenery 's Meadow Stable 's blue and white checkered colors and his groom was Eddie Sweat .	0
when did secretariat win	Secretariat stood approximately tall , and weighed , with a 75-inch girth , in his racing prime .	0
when was andy griffith born	Andy Samuel Griffith ( June 1 , 1926 – July 3 , 2012 ) was an American actor , television producer , Grammy Award -winning Southern-gospel singer , and writer .	1
when was andy griffith born	He was a Tony Award nominee for two roles , and gained prominence in the starring role in director Elia Kazan 's film A Face in the Crowd ( 1957 ) before he became better known for his television roles , playing the lead characters in the 1960–1968 situation comedy The Andy Griffith Show and in the 1986–1995 legal drama Matlock .	0
when was srv born	Stephen `` Stevie '' Ray Vaughan ( October 3 , 1954 – August 27 , 1990 ) was an American guitarist , singer-songwriter , and record producer .	1
when was srv born	Often referred to by his initials SRV , Vaughan is best known as a founding member and leader of Double Trouble .	0
when was srv born	Together with drummer Chris Layton and bassist Tommy Shannon , they ignited the blues revival of the 1980s .	0
when was srv born	With a career spanning seven years , Vaughan and Double Trouble consistently sold out concerts while their albums frequently went gold .	0
when was srv born	He was born and raised in Dallas , Texas , and for a short period of time lived in Graham , Texas .	0
when was srv born	As the younger brother of Jimmie Vaughan , Vaughan started playing the guitar at age seven and formed several bands that occasionally performed in local nightclubs .	0
when was srv born	At age 17 , he dropped out of high school and moved to Austin to further pursue his musical career , joining groups such as Krackerjack , the Nightcrawlers , and the Cobras .	0
when was srv born	In 1977 , he formed Triple Threat Revue , a band that eventually evolved into Double Trouble and regularly performed around Austin .	0
when was srv born	In 1982 , Vaughan and Double Trouble performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland , catching the attention of musicians David Bowie and Jackson Browne .	0
when was srv born	Bowie asked Vaughan to play on his upcoming studio album Let 's Dance , while Browne offered the band free use of his personal studio in Los Angeles to record an album .	0
when was srv born	In March 1983 , Vaughan and Double Trouble were signed to Epic Records by veteran record producer John Hammond Sr. and released their debut album , Texas Flood in June of that year .	0
when was srv born	After successful touring , the group released the albums , Could n't Stand the Weather ( 1984 ) and Soul to Soul ( 1985 ) , the latter of which featured new keyboardist Reese Wynans .	0
when was srv born	Although his career had progressed successfully , Vaughan checked into a rehabilitation hospital in Atlanta , Georgia to give up a cocaine and alcohol habit and returned to touring with the band .	0
when was srv born	In June 1989 , In Step was released and earned them a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Performance .	0
when was srv born	On August 27 , 1990 , Vaughan was killed in a helicopter crash following a performance in East Troy , Wisconsin .	0
when was srv born	Vaughan 's uniquely eclectic yet intense style was derived from a variety of musical genres .	0
when was srv born	He was influenced by blues musicians including Albert King , Freddie King , Otis Rush , and Muddy Waters , and rock guitarists such as Jimi Hendrix and Lonnie Mack .	0
when was srv born	His guitar playing reflected the classic blues and pentatonic scales .	0
when was srv born	He has received wide critical recognition for his guitar playing , ranking at # 6 on Rolling Stones list of `` 100 Greatest Guitarists '' in 2011 .	0
when was srv born	He was posthumously inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 2000 and a memorial statue was erected in Austin 's Auditorium Shores park .	0
when was srv born	Stevie Ray Vaughan is widely considered to be one of the greatest musicians to come from the state of Texas .	0
who sang cool jerk	`` Cool Jerk '' is a popular song written by Donald Storball and originally performed by The Capitols .	1
who sang cool jerk	Released in 1966 , it reached No . 2 on the American R & B chart and No . 7 on the pop chart .	0
who sang cool jerk	The backing track for this song was actually recorded ( secretly ) by the Motown house band The Funk Brothers .	0
who sang cool jerk	Per one of the Funk Brothers , the song was originally to be called `` Pimp Jerk . ''	0
who sang cool jerk	This was taken from watching neighborhood pimps , who would dance in the clubs , but were too `` cool '' to do the jerk like regular folks .	0
who sang cool jerk	Their version was subsequently named `` the Pimp Jerk . ''	0
who sang cool jerk	The producer was afraid that a song with the word pimp in the title would be banned or not receive much positive attention , and had the title changed to its current form .	0
who sang cool jerk	The Go-Go 's , Todd Rundgren , Big Trouble , Human Sexual Response , The La De Da 's , The Creation , and The Coasters have covered the song .	0
who sang cool jerk	Todd Rundgren did his version in an odd time signature ( 7/4 ) , giving an obviously jerky feel to the song .	0
who sang cool jerk	The Go-Go 's covered the song for their 1982 album Vacation and later re-recorded it for their 1990 album Greatest .	0
who sang cool jerk	In the feature film Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York , Uncle Frank ( Gerry Bamman ) sings `` Cool Jerk '' in the shower .	0
who sang cool jerk	A version of the song with different lyrics ( `` Do the Cool Whip '' ) is used in Cool Whip commercials .	0
who sang cool jerk	A recording of `` Cool Jerk '' by Ricardo Ray is featured in the feature film Donnie Brasco ( 1997 ) .	0
who sang cool jerk	The song features in the film Standing in the Shadows of Motown , performed by the Funk Brothers with lead vocals by Bootsy Collins .	0
who sang cool jerk	The song is heard briefly in the animated feature , Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted .	0
who sang cool jerk	Despite this reason , it is listed in some variations of the film 's soundtrack .	0
who is is the singer westlife	Westlife were an Irish boy band which formed in 1998 and disbanded in 2012 .	1
who is is the singer westlife	Originally signed by Simon Cowell and managed by Louis Walsh , the group 's final line-up consisted of Nicky Byrne , Kian Egan , Mark Feehily and Shane Filan .	0
who is is the singer westlife	Brian McFadden was a member from 1998 until his departure in 2004 .	0
who is is the singer westlife	Westlife sold over 50 million records worldwide , a total that included studio albums , singles , video releases , and compilation albums .	0
who is is the singer westlife	The group accumulated 14 number-one singles in the United Kingdom ( the third-highest in UK history ) , tying with Cliff Richard and ranking just behind The Beatles and Elvis Presley .	0
who is is the singer westlife	They achieved a total of 26 top ten singles over their 14-year career .	0
who is is the singer westlife	By 2010 , Westlife was listed in the Guinness World Records , as the UK 's top-selling album group of the 21st century .	0
who is is the singer westlife	They also won The Record of the Year ( the only music award based on public votes in the UK ) a record-breaking four times and in 2012 , the Official Charts Company listed Westlife 34th amongst the biggest-selling singles artists in British music history .	0
who is is the singer westlife	Despite their European and Asian success , Westlife never managed to break into the U.S. market , achieving only one hit single in 2000 : `` Swear It Again `` .	0
who is is the singer westlife	In October 2011 , Westlife announced their intention to split in 2012 , following their Greatest Hits Tour and the release of their Greatest Hits album .	0
who is is the singer westlife	The boyband 's final concerts were held on 22 and 23 June 2012 at Croke Park Stadium in Dublin .	0
who is is the singer westlife	The first farewell concert , offering 85,000 tickets , sold out in a record-breaking 5 minutes and the latter screened live in cinemas worldwide .	0
what does xylem transport	Schematic cross section of part of leaf , xylem shown as red circles at figure 8 .	0
what does xylem transport	Xylem is one of the two types of transport tissue in vascular plants ( phloem is the other ) .	0
what does xylem transport	The word xylem is derived from the Greek word ξύλον ( xylon ) , meaning `` wood '' ; the best-known xylem tissue is wood , though it is found throughout the plant .	0
what does xylem transport	Its basic function is to transport water , but it also transports some nutrients through the plant .	1
where is keith whitley from	Jackie Keith Whitley ( July 1 , 1954Stambler , Irwin , and Grelun Landon ( 2000 ) . - Country Music : The Encyclopedia . - New York : St. Martin 's Press . - p.533 . - ISBN 978-0-312-26487-1.—Carlin , Richard ( 2003 ) . - Country Music : A Biographical Dictionary . - New York : Routledge - p.427 . - ISBN 978-0-415-93802-0.—Larkin , Colin ( 1995 ) . - The Guinness Encyclopedia of Popular Music . - New York : Stockton Press - P.4462 . - ISBN 978-0-85112-662-3.—Stanton , Scott ( 2003 ) . - The Tombstone Tourist : Musicians . - New York : Pocket Books . - p.395 . - ISBN 978-0-7434-6330-0.—Hicks , Jack . - `` Singer Keith Whitley 's Memory Alive Through Songs , Love in Home Town '' . - The Kentucky Post . - September 25 , 1991.— '' Country Music Star Keith Whitley Dead at 33 '' . - Lexington Herald-Leader . - May 10 , 1989.——Hurst , Jack . - `` Whitley 's Last Days '' . - Chicago Tribune . - May 14 , 1989.— '' Alcohol Kills Country Singer Keith Whitley '' . - United Press International . - ( c/o The San Francisco Chronicle ) . - May 10 , 1989 . — May 9 , 1989 ) , known professionally as Keith Whitley , was an American country music singer .	1
where is keith whitley from	Whitley 's brief career in mainstream country music lasted from 1984 until his death in 1989 , but he continues to influence an entire generation of singers and songwriters .	0
where is keith whitley from	He charted 19 singles on the Billboard country charts , including five consecutive Number Ones : `` Do n't Close Your Eyes `` , `` When You Say Nothing at All `` , `` I 'm No Stranger to the Rain `` , `` I Wonder Do You Think of Me `` and `` It Ai n't Nothin ' `` ( the last two posthumously ) .	0
who does chris humphries play for	Kris Nathan Humphries ( born February 6 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball player with the Brooklyn Nets .	1
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Heart rate is the number of heartbeats per unit of time , typically expressed as beats per minute ( bpm ) .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Heart rate can vary as the body 's need to absorb oxygen and excrete carbon dioxide changes , such as during physical exercise , sleep , illness , or as a result of ingesting drugs :	1
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Central nervous system stimulants such as amphetamines increase heart rate .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Central nervous system depressants or sedatives decreases the heart rate ( apart from some particularly strange ones with equally strange effects , such as ketamine which can cause - amongst many other things - stimulant-like effects such as tachycardia ) .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	There are many ways in which the heart rate speeds up or slows down .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Most involve stimulant-like endorphins and hormones being released in the brain , many of which are those that are 'forced'/'enticed ' out by the ingestion and processing of drugs .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Due to individuals having a constant blood volume , one of the physiological ways to deliver more oxygen to an organ is to increase heart rate to permit blood to pass by the organ more often .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Normal resting heart rates range from 60-100 bpm .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Bradycardia is defined as a resting heart rate below 60 bpm .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	However , heart rates from 50 to 60 bpm are common among healthy people and do not necessarily require special attention .	0
what is my resting heart rate at age 24	Tachycardia is defined as a resting heart rate above 100 bpm , though persistent rest rates between 80-100 bpm , mainly if they are present during sleep , may be signs of hyperthyroidism or anemia ( see below ) .	0
what year was gulf war	The Gulf War ( 2 August 1990 – 28 February 1991 ) , codenamed Operation Desert Storm ( 17 January 1991 – 28 February 1991 ) was a war waged by a U.N.-authorized Coalition force from 34 nations led by the United States , against Iraq in response to Iraq 's invasion and annexation of Kuwait .	1
what year was gulf war	The war is also known under other names , such as the Persian Gulf War , First Gulf War , Gulf War I , or the First Iraq War , before the term `` Iraq War '' became identified instead with the 2003 Iraq War ( also referred to in the U.S. as `` Operation Iraqi Freedom '' ) .	0
what year was gulf war	Kuwait 's invasion by Iraqi troops that began 2 August 1990 was met with international condemnation , and brought immediate economic sanctions against Iraq by members of the U.N. Security Council .	0
what year was gulf war	U.S. President George H. W. Bush deployed U.S. forces into Saudi Arabia , and urged other countries to send their own forces to the scene .	0
what year was gulf war	An array of nations joined the Coalition .	0
what year was gulf war	The great majority of the Coalition 's military forces were from the U.S. , with Saudi Arabia , the United Kingdom and Egypt as leading contributors , in that order .	0
what year was gulf war	Saudi Arabia paid around US $ 36 billion of the US $ 60 billion cost .	0
what year was gulf war	The war was marked by the beginning of live news on the front lines of the fight , with the primacy of the U.S. network CNN .	0
what year was gulf war	The war has also earned the nickname Video Game War after the daily broadcast images on board the U.S. bombers during Operation Desert Storm .	0
what year was gulf war	The initial conflict to expel Iraqi troops from Kuwait began with an aerial bombardment on 17 January 1991 .	0
what year was gulf war	This was followed by a ground assault on 24 February .	0
what year was gulf war	This was a decisive victory for the Coalition forces , who liberated Kuwait and advanced into Iraqi territory .	0
what year was gulf war	The Coalition ceased their advance , and declared a cease-fire 100 hours after the ground campaign started .	0
what year was gulf war	Aerial and ground combat was confined to Iraq , Kuwait , and areas on Saudi Arabia 's border .	0
what year was gulf war	Iraq launched Scud missiles against Coalition military targets in Saudi Arabia and against Israel .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The Second Crusade ( 1145–1149 ) was the second major crusade launched from Europe .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The Second Crusade was started in response to the fall of the County of Edessa the previous year to the forces of Zengi .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The county had been founded during the First Crusade ( 1096–1099 ) by Baldwin of Boulogne in 1098 .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	While it was the first Crusader state to be founded , it was also the first to fall .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The Second Crusade was announced by Pope Eugene III , and was the first of the crusades to be led by European kings , namely Louis VII of France and Conrad III of Germany , with help from a number of other European nobles .	1
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The armies of the two kings marched separately across Europe .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	After crossing Byzantine territory into Anatolia , both armies were separately defeated by the Seljuq Turks .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The main Western Christian source , Odo of Deuil , and Syriac Christian sources claim that the Byzantine emperor Manuel I Comnenus secretly hindered the crusaders ' progress , particularly in Anatolia where he is alleged to have deliberately ordered Turks to attack them .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	Louis and Conrad and the remnants of their armies reached Jerusalem and , in 1148 , participated in an ill-advised attack on Damascus .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The crusade in the east was a failure for the crusaders and a great victory for the Muslims .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	It would ultimately have a key influence on the fall of Jerusalem and give rise to the Third Crusade at the end of the 12th century .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	The only success of the Second Crusade came to a combined force of 13,000 Flemish , Frisian , Norman , English , Scottish , and German crusaders in 1147 .	0
who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade	Travelling from England , by ship , to the Holy Land , the army stopped and helped the smaller ( 7,000 ) Portuguese army in the capture of Lisbon , expelling its Moorish occupants .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	Saint Rita of Cascia ( Born Margherita Lotti 1381 - May 22 , 1457 ) was an Italian Augustinian nun , widow and saint venerated in the Roman Catholic Church .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	Rita was married at an early age .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	The marriage lasted for 18 years , during which she is remembered for her Christian values as a model wife and mother who made efforts to convert her husband from his abusive behavior .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	Upon the murder of her husband by another feuding family , she sought to dissuade her sons from revenge .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	She subsequently joined an Augustinian community of religious sisters , where she was known for practicing mortification of the flesh , along with the apparent efficacy of her prayers .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	St. Rita is venerated due to various miracles attributed to her intercession , and is often portrayed with a bleeding wound on her forehead , which the Roman Catholic Church claims to have been a partial stigmata .	0
when is the feast of St. Rita	The Roman Catholic Church , under the pontificate of Pope Leo XIII officially canonized Rita on May 24 , 1900 , while her feast day is celebrated every May 22 .	1
when is the feast of St. Rita	In many pious Catholic countries , Rita is known to be a patroness for abused wives and mourning women .	0
who composed the Singapore national anthem	Majulah Singapura ( Onward Singapore ) is the national anthem of Singapore .	0
who composed the Singapore national anthem	Composed by Zubir Said in 1958 as a theme song for official functions of the City Council of Singapore , the song was selected in 1959 as the island 's anthem when it attained self-government .	1
who composed the Singapore national anthem	Upon full independence in 1965 , Majulah Singapura was formally adopted as Singapore 's national anthem .	0
who composed the Singapore national anthem	By law the anthem may only be sung with its original Malay lyrics , although there exist authorized translations of the lyrics of the anthem in Singapore 's three other official languages : English , Mandarin and Tamil .	0
who composed the Singapore national anthem	Originally composed in the key of G major , in 2001 the national anthem was officially relaunched in the lower key of F major as this was said to allow for a `` grander and more inspiring arrangement '' .	0
who composed the Singapore national anthem	The national anthem is regularly performed or sung in schools and armed forces camps at ceremonies held at the beginning and/or the end of each day , during which the national flag is also raised and lowered and the national pledge is taken .	0
who composed the Singapore national anthem	Singaporeans are especially encouraged to sing the national anthem on occasions of national celebration or national significance such as at the National Day Parade , at National Day observance ceremonies conducted by educational institutions and government departments , and at sporting events at which Singapore teams are participating .	0
what states has the electric chair	Old Sparky , the electric chair used at Sing Sing prison	0
what states has the electric chair	Execution by electrocution , usually performed using an electric chair , is an execution method originating in the United States in which the condemned person is strapped to a specially built wooden chair and electrocuted through electrodes placed on the body .	0
what states has the electric chair	This execution method was created by employees of Thomas Edison during the War of Currents , and has been used only in the United States and , for a period of several decades , in the Philippines ( its first use there in 1924 under American occupation , last in 1976 ) .	0
what states has the electric chair	Historically , once the condemned person was attached to the chair , various cycles ( differing in voltage and duration ) of alternating current would be passed through the individual 's body , in order to cause fatal damage to the internal organs ( including the brain ) .	0
what states has the electric chair	The first jolt of electric current was designed to cause immediate unconsciousness and brain death ; the second one was designed to cause fatal damage to the vital organs .	0
what states has the electric chair	Death was frequently caused by electrical overstimulation of the heart .	0
what states has the electric chair	Although in the United States the electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty , its use is in decline due to the rise of lethal injection , which is widely believed to be a more humane method of execution .	0
what states has the electric chair	Although some states still maintain electrocution as a method of execution , today it is only maintained as a secondary method that may be chosen over lethal injection at the request of the prisoner .	0
what states has the electric chair	As of 2010 , electrocution is an optional form of execution in Alabama , Florida , South Carolina and Virginia .	1
what states has the electric chair	They allow the prisoner to choose lethal injection as an alternative method .	0
what states has the electric chair	In the states of Kentucky and Tennessee , the electric chair has been retired except for those whose capital crimes were committed prior to legislated dates in 1998 ( Kentucky : March 31 , 1998 ; Tennessee : December 31 , 1998 ) and who chose electrocution .	0
what states has the electric chair	In both states , inmates who do not choose electrocution or inmates who committed their crimes after the designated date are killed by lethal injection .	0
what states has the electric chair	The electric chair is an alternate form of execution approved for potential use in Arkansas and Oklahoma if other forms of execution are found unconstitutional in the state at the time of execution .	0
what states has the electric chair	It is the sole method of execution in Vermont , where treason is the only capital crime .	0
what states has the electric chair	On February 8 , 2008 , the Nebraska Supreme Court determined that execution by electric chair was a `` cruel and unusual punishment '' under the state 's constitution .	0
what states has the electric chair	This brought executions of this type to an end in Nebraska , the only remaining state to retain electrocution as its sole method of execution for murder .	0
what is the role of heredity	Heredity is the passing of traits to offspring from its parents or ancestor .	1
what is the role of heredity	This is the process by which an offspring cell or organism acquires or becomes predisposed to the characteristics of its parent cell or organism .	1
what is the role of heredity	Through heredity , variations exhibited by individuals can accumulate and cause some species to evolve .	0
what is the role of heredity	The study of heredity in biology is called genetics , which includes the field of epigenetics .	0
what school did oprah winfrey help	The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls - South Africa is a female boarding school founded in January 2007 and located in Henley on Klip near Meyerton , south of Johannesburg , South Africa .	1
what school did oprah winfrey help	The academy was founded by Oprah Winfrey with the goal of providing educational and leadership opportunities for academically gifted girls from impoverished backgrounds .	0
what school did oprah winfrey help	Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	`` What 's My Name ? '' is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna , for her fifth studio album Loud ( 2010 ) .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	Featuring guest vocals from Canadian rapper Drake , the song was released as the second single from Loud on October 29 , 2010 through Def Jam Recordings .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	The R & B song was produced by the Norwegian production duo StarGate , and was written by the duo along with Ester Dean , Traci Hale , and Drake .	1
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	Lyrically , it incorporates themes of sexual intercourse and romance .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	Music critics gave the song positive reviews , citing it some of Rihanna 's best vocal work to date ; there was a praise regarding its romantic nature , as well as its sexual tones .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	`` What 's My Name ? '' was a commercial success and topped the US Billboard Hot 100 chart , giving Rihanna her third number-one single in 2010 , as well as her eighth overall on the chart .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	The song also topped the charts in Hungary and the United Kingdom and reached the top five in Canada , Ireland , New Zealand , Norway and Slovakia .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	The song received a nomination at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	An accompanying music video , directed by Philip Andelman , portrays a romantic encounter between Rihanna and Drake in a grocery store along with romantic scenes between the pair and Rihanna walking through Manhattan 's Lower East Side .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	`` What 's My Name ? '' was promoted with live performances across both sides of the Atlantic , including Saturday Night Live in America and the series seven finale of The X Factor in the United Kingdom .	0
who wrote what 's my name rihanna	The latter performance resulted in an investigation from the country 's media regulator , Ofcom , for the raunchy nature of Rihanna 's outfit .	0
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	With over 1.2 billion people , Han Chinese is the largest ethnic group in the world .	0
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	Pashtun people of the Pashtunistan region , which sits in an area between south of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan and the Indus River in Pakistan .	0
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	They number around 50 million .	0
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	The Korowai people of Papua numbered just around 3,000 people , and were uncontacted until the 1970s .	0
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	Ethnicity or ethnic group is a socially defined category based on common culture or nationality .	1
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	Ethnicity can , but does not have to , include common ancestry , appearance , cuisine , dressing style , heritage , history , language or dialect , religion , symbols , traditions , or other cultural factor .	1
what are the characteristics of an ethnic group	Ethnic identity is constantly reinforced through common characteristics which set the group apart from other groups .	1
what causes thunder sound	Thunder is the sound caused by lightning .	1
what causes thunder sound	Depending on the nature of the lightning and distance of the listener , thunder can range from a sharp , loud crack to a long , low rumble ( brontide ) .	0
what causes thunder sound	The sudden increase in pressure and temperature from lightning produces rapid expansion of the air surrounding and within a bolt of lightning .	0
what causes thunder sound	In turn , this expansion of air creates a sonic shock wave , similar to a sonic boom , which produces the sound of thunder , often referred to as a clap , crack , or peal of thunder .	1
what causes thunder sound	The distance of the lightning can be calculated by the listener based on the time interval from when the lightning is seen to when the sound is heard .	0
what is the origin of fiona	Fiona is a feminine given name .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name Fiona was invented , and first used , by the Scottish poet James Macpherson ( 1736–96 ) , author of the Ossian poems , which he claimed were translations from ancient Gaelic sources ( sources , when challenged , he never produced ) .	1
what is the origin of fiona	The name was subsequently used as a pseudonym by William Sharp ( 1855–1905 ) , who authored several romantic works under the name `` Fiona Macleod '' .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name has since become popular in England , Scotland and Ireland .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name is considered to be a Latinised form of the Gaelic word fionn , meaning `` white '' , `` fair '' .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name Fiona is also sometimes used as an Anglicisation of the Irish-language name Fíona , although these names are otherwise unrelated ( as Fíona is derived from an element meaning `` vine '' ) .	0
what is the origin of fiona	There is also a modern tendency to equate the authentic Scottish Gaelic feminine name Fionnghal with Fiona .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name Fiona is rising in popularity particularly in German -speaking countries .	0
what is the origin of fiona	Fiona was the 49th most popular name for baby girls born in 2008 in Germany .	0
what is the origin of fiona	Fiona was tied for third place in the ranking of most popular names for baby girls born in the tiny principality of Liechtenstein in 2008 .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name was the 347th most popular name for girls born in the United States in 2008 , where it has ranked among the top 1,000 most popular names for girls since 1990 and among the top 500 since 1999 .	0
what is the origin of fiona	The name Fiona has been particularly popular for girls of Asian or Pacific Islander descent in New York City , where Fiona ranked as the ninth most popular name for girls from those groups in 2007 .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	The attack on Pearl Harbor ( called Hawaii Operation or Operation AI by the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters ( Operation Z in planning ) and the Battle of Pearl Harbor ) was a surprise military strike conducted by the Imperial Japanese Navy against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , on the morning of December 7 , 1941 ( December 8 in Japan ) .	1
when did pearl harbor get bombed	From the standpoint of the defenders , the attack commenced at 7:48 a.m. Hawaiian Time .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	The attack was intended as a preventive action in order to keep the U.S. Pacific Fleet from interfering with military actions the Empire of Japan was planning in Southeast Asia against overseas territories of the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , and the United States .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	The base was attacked by 353 Japanese fighters , bombers and torpedo planes in two waves , launched from six aircraft carriers .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	All eight U.S. Navy battleships were damaged , with four being sunk .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	Two of these were later raised , and with the remaining four repaired , six battleships returned to service later in the war .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers , three destroyers , an anti-aircraft training ship , and one minelayer .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	188 U.S. aircraft were destroyed ; 2,402 Americans were killed and 1,282 wounded .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	Important base installations such as the power station , shipyard , maintenance , and fuel and torpedo storage facilities , as well as the submarine piers and headquarters building ( also home of the intelligence section ) were not attacked .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	Japanese losses were light : 29 aircraft and five midget submarines lost , and 65 servicemen killed or wounded .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	One Japanese sailor was captured .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	The attack came as a profound shock to the American people and led directly to the American entry into World War II in both the Pacific and European theaters .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	The following day ( December 8 ) , the United States declared war on Japan .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	Domestic support for non-interventionism , which had been strong , disappeared .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	Clandestine support of Britain ( for example the Neutrality Patrol ) was replaced by active alliance .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	Subsequent operations by the U.S. prompted Germany and Italy to declare war on the U.S. on December 11 , which was reciprocated by the U.S. the same day .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	There were numerous historical precedents for unannounced military action by Japan .	0
when did pearl harbor get bombed	However , the lack of any formal warning , particularly while negotiations were still apparently ongoing , led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to proclaim December 7 , 1941 , `` a date which will live in infamy `` .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Cholera is an infection in the small intestine caused by the bacterium Vibrio cholerae .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The main symptoms are watery diarrhea and vomiting .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Transmission occurs primarily by drinking water or eating food that has been contaminated by the feces ( waste product ) of an infected person , including one with no apparent symptoms .	1
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The severity of the diarrhea and vomiting can lead to rapid dehydration and electrolyte imbalance , and death in some cases .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The primary treatment is oral rehydration therapy , typically with oral rehydration solution , to replace water and electrolytes .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	If this is not tolerated or does not provide improvement fast enough , intravenous fluids can also be used .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Antibacterial drugs are beneficial in those with severe disease to shorten its duration and severity .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Worldwide , it affects 3–5 million people and causes 100,000–130,000 deaths a year .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Cholera was one of the earliest infections to be studied by epidemiological methods .	0
who killed robert kennedy	The assassination of Robert Francis `` Bobby '' Kennedy , a United States Senator and brother of assassinated President John Fitzgerald `` Jack '' Kennedy , took place shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , in Los Angeles , California , during the campaign season for the United States Presidential election , 1968 .	0
who killed robert kennedy	After winning the California and South Dakota primary elections for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States , Kennedy was shot as he walked through the kitchen of the Ambassador Hotel and died in the Good Samaritan Hospital twenty-six hours later .	0
who killed robert kennedy	Sirhan Sirhan , a 24-year-old Palestinian / Jordanian immigrant , was convicted of Kennedy 's murder and is serving a life sentence for the crime .	1
who killed robert kennedy	Sirhan 's lawyers have released statements claiming evidence that he was framed .	0
who killed robert kennedy	The shooting was recorded on audio tape by a freelance newspaper reporter , and the aftermath was captured on film .	0
who killed robert kennedy	Kennedy 's body lay in repose at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York for two days before a funeral mass was held on June 8 .	0
who killed robert kennedy	His body was interred near his brother John at Arlington National Cemetery .	0
who killed robert kennedy	His death prompted the protection of presidential candidates by the United States Secret Service .	0
who killed robert kennedy	Hubert Humphrey went on to win the Democratic nomination for the presidency , but ultimately narrowly lost the election to Richard Nixon .	0
who killed robert kennedy	As with his brother Jack 's death , Bobby 's assassination and the circumstances surrounding it have spawned a variety of conspiracy theories .	0
who killed robert kennedy	As of 2013 Kennedy remains one of only two sitting United States Senators to be assassinated ( the other being Huey Long ) .	0
what is el mate	Mate ( , ; sometimes also spelled maté ) , also known as chimarrão ( ) or cimarrón ( ) , is a traditional South American infused drink , particularly in Argentina , Uruguay , Paraguay and the southern states of Brazil and to a lesser degree in south of Chile , the Bolivian Chaco , Syria and Lebanon .	1
what is el mate	It is prepared from steeping dried leaves of yerba mate ( llex paraguariensis , known in Portuguese as erva-mate ) in hot water .	0
what is el mate	Mate is served with a metal straw from a shared hollow calabash gourd .	0
what is el mate	The straw is called a bombilla in some Latin American countries , a bomba in Portuguese , and a bombija or , more generally , a masassa ( type of straw ) in Arabic .	0
what is el mate	The straw is traditionally made of silver .	0
what is el mate	Modern , commercially available straws are typically made of nickel silver , called Alpaca ; stainless steel , or hollow-stemmed cane .	0
what is el mate	The gourd is known as a mate or a guampa ; while in Brazil , it has the specific name of cuia , or also cabaça ( the name for Indigenous-influenced calabash gourds in other regions of Brazil , still used for general food and drink in remote regions ) .	0
what is el mate	Even if the water is supplied from a modern thermos , the infusion is traditionally drunk from mates or cuias .	0
what is el mate	As with other brewed herbs , yerba mate leaves are dried , chopped , and ground into a powdery mixture called yerba .	0
what is el mate	The bombilla acts as both a straw and a sieve .	0
what is el mate	The submerged end is flared , with small holes or slots that allow the brewed liquid in , but block the chunky matter that makes up much of the mixture .	0
what is el mate	A modern bombilla design uses a straight tube with holes , or spring sleeve to act as a sieve .	0
what is el mate	`` Tea-bag '' type infusions of mate ( mate cocido ) have been on the market in Argentina , Paraguay and Uruguay for many years under such trade names as `` Taragüí Vitality '' in Argentina , `` Pajarito '' and `` Kurupí '' in Paraguay , and in Brazil under the name `` Mate Leão '' .	0
what is el mate	This is considered a completely different drink .	0
what is el mate	It is never drunk from cuias or called chimarrão , nor is it associated with the gaucho/gaúcho culture .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	`` Selektion `` on the Judenrampe , Auschwitz , May/June 1944 .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	To be sent to the right meant slave labor ; to the left , the gas chamber .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	This image shows the arrival of Hungarian Jews from Carpatho-Ruthenia , many of them from the Berehov ghetto .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The photographer was Ernst Hofmann or Bernhard Walter of the SS . Image courtesy of Yad Vashem	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The Holocaust ( from the Greek ' : hólos , `` whole '' and kaustós , `` burnt '' ) also known as the Shoah ( Hebrew : , HaShoah , `` catastrophe '' ; Yiddish : , Churben or Hurban , from the Hebrew for `` destruction '' ) , was the mass murder or genocide of approximately six million Jews during World War II , a programme of systematic state-sponsored murder by Nazi Germany , led by Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party , throughout German-occupied territory .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Of the nine million Jews who had resided in Europe before the Holocaust , approximately two-thirds were killed .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Over one million Jewish children were killed in the Holocaust , as were approximately two million Jewish women and three million Jewish men .	1
how many people were killed in the holocaust	A network of over 40,000 facilities in Germany and German-occupied territory were used to concentrate , hold , and kill Jews and other victims .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Some scholars argue that the mass murder of the Romani and people with disabilities should be included in the definition , and some use the common noun `` holocaust '' to describe other Nazi mass murders , including those of Soviet prisoners of war , Polish and Soviet civilians , and homosexuals .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Recent estimates based on figures obtained since the fall of the Soviet Union indicates some ten to eleven million civilians and prisoners of war were intentionally murdered by the Nazi regime .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The persecution and genocide were carried out in stages .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Various laws to remove the Jews from civil society , most prominently the Nuremberg Laws , were enacted in Germany years before the outbreak of World War II .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Concentration camps were established in which inmates were subjected to slave labor until they died of exhaustion or disease .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Where Germany conquered new territory in eastern Europe , specialized units called Einsatzgruppen murdered Jews and political opponents in mass shootings .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	The occupiers required Jews and Romani to be confined in overcrowded ghettos before being transported by freight train to extermination camps where , if they survived the journey , most were systematically killed in gas chambers .	0
how many people were killed in the holocaust	Every arm of Germany 's bureaucracy was involved in the logistics that led to the genocides , turning the Third Reich into what one Holocaust scholar has called `` a genocidal state '' .	0
what is hosting a website	An example of rack mounted servers	0
what is hosting a website	A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that allows individuals and organizations to make their website accessible via the World Wide Web .	0
what is hosting a website	Web hosts are companies that provide space on a server owned or leased for use by clients , as well as providing Internet connectivity , typically in a data center .	1
what is hosting a website	Web hosts can also provide data center space and connectivity to the Internet for other servers located in their data center , called colocation , also known as Housing in Latin America or France .	0
what is hosting a website	The scope of web hosting services varies greatly .	0
what is hosting a website	The most basic is web page and small-scale file hosting , where files can be uploaded via File Transfer Protocol ( FTP ) or a Web interface .	0
what is hosting a website	The files are usually delivered to the Web `` as is '' or with minimal processing .	0
what is hosting a website	Many Internet service providers ( ISPs ) offer this service free to subscribers .	0
what is hosting a website	Individuals and organizations may also obtain Web page hosting from alternative service providers .	0
what is hosting a website	Personal web site hosting is typically free , advertisement-sponsored , or inexpensive .	0
what is hosting a website	Business web site hosting often has a higher expense depending upon the size and type of the website .	0
what is hosting a website	Single page hosting is generally sufficient for personal web pages .	0
what is hosting a website	A complex site calls for a more comprehensive package that provides database support and application development platforms ( e.g . PHP , Java , Ruby on Rails , ColdFusion , or ASP.NET ) .	0
what is hosting a website	These facilities allow customers to write or install scripts for applications like forums and content management .	0
what is hosting a website	Also , Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) is typically used for e-commerce .	0
what is hosting a website	The host may also provide an interface or control panel for managing the Web server and installing scripts , as well as other modules and service applications like e-mail .	0
what is hosting a website	Some hosts specialize in certain software or services ( e.g . e-commerce ) , which are commonly used by larger companies that outsource network infrastructure .	0
what is singapore 's currency	The Singapore dollar or dollar ( sign : $ ; code : SGD ) is the official currency of Singapore .	1
what is singapore 's currency	It is normally abbreviated with the dollar sign $ , or alternatively S $ to distinguish it from other dollar -denominated currencies .	0
what is singapore 's currency	It is divided into 100 cents .	0
what is singapore 's currency	The Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Brunei Currency and Monetary Board still maintain the historic exchangeability of their two currencies , the Singaporean dollar and the Brunei dollar , respectively .	0
what is singapore 's currency	The dollar is accepted as `` customary tender '' in Brunei according to the Currency Interchangeability Agreement .	0
what is singapore 's currency	Likewise , the Brunei dollar is customarily accepted in Singapore	0
what is a lapping machine	Lapping is a machining process , in which two surfaces are rubbed together with an abrasive between them , by hand movement or by way of a machine .	1
what is a lapping machine	This can take two forms .	0
what is a lapping machine	The first type of lapping ( traditionally called grinding ) , typically involves rubbing a brittle material such as glass against a surface such as iron or glass itself ( also known as the `` lap '' or grinding tool ) with an abrasive such as aluminum oxide , jeweller 's rouge , optician 's rouge , emery , silicon carbide , diamond , etc. , in between them .	0
what is a lapping machine	This produces microscopic conchoidal fractures as the abrasive rolls about between the two surfaces and removes material from both .	0
what is a lapping machine	The other form of lapping involves a softer material such as pitch or a ceramic for the lap , which is `` charged '' with the abrasive .	0
what is a lapping machine	The lap is then used to cut a harder material—the workpiece .	0
what is a lapping machine	The abrasive embeds within the softer material which holds it and permits it to score across and cut the harder material .	0
what is a lapping machine	Taken to a finer limit , this will produce a polished surface such as with a polishing cloth on an automobile , or a polishing cloth or polishing pitch upon glass or steel .	0
what is a lapping machine	Taken to the ultimate limit , with the aid of accurate interferometry and specialized polishing machines or skilled hand polishing , lensmakers can produce surfaces that are flat to better than 30 nanometers .	0
what is a lapping machine	This is one twentieth of the wavelength of light from the commonly used 632.8 nm helium neon laser light source .	0
what is a lapping machine	Surfaces this flat can be molecularly bonded ( optically contacted ) by bringing them together under the right conditions .	0
what is a lapping machine	( This is not the same as the wringing effect of Johansson blocks , although it is similar ) .	0
what is a chronograph watch	Electa Pocket Chronograph ( ca . 1890s ) manufactured by the Gallet Watch Company in La Chaux-de-Fonds , Switzerland .	0
what is a chronograph watch	Gallet MultiChron Astronomic ( ca . 1959 ) —complex mechanical chronograph with 12 hour recoding capabilities , automatic day , date , month , and moon phase display	0
what is a chronograph watch	A modern Seiko quartz wristwatch using the chronograph function ( movement 7T92 ) .	0
what is a chronograph watch	Citizen Atessa Eco-Drive ATV53-3023 analog-digital chronograph with 4 area Radio Controlled reception ( North America , Europe , China , Japan ) .	0
what is a chronograph watch	A chronograph is a specific type of watch that is used as a stopwatch combined with a display watch .	1
what is a chronograph watch	A basic chronograph has an independent sweep second hand ; it can be started , stopped , and returned to zero by successive pressure on the stem .	0
what is a chronograph watch	Louis Moinet invented the chronograph in 1816	0
who wrote stand by me	`` Stand by Me '' is a song originally performed by Ben E. King and written by King , Jerry Leiber , and Mike Stoller , inspired by the spiritual `` Lord Stand by Me , '' plus two lines rooted in Psalms 46:2–3 .	1
who wrote stand by me	There have been over 400 recorded versions of the song .	0
what is the rule of the 9s	Total body surface area ( TBSA ) is an assessment measure of burns of the skin .	0
what is the rule of the 9s	In adults , the `` rule of nines '' is used to determine the total percentage of area burned for each major section of the body .	1
what is the rule of the 9s	In some cases , the burns may cover more than one body part , or may not fully cover such a part ; in these cases , burns are measured by using the casualty 's palm as a reference point for 1 % of the body .	0
what is the rule of the 9s	For children and infants , the Lund-Browder chart is used to assess the burned body surface area .	0
what is the rule of the 9s	Different percentages are used because the ratio of the combined surface area of the head and neck to the surface area of the limbs is typically larger in children than that of an adult .	0
what is the rule of the 9s	Typical values for common groups of humans follow .	0
what is the rule of the 9s	( Due to rounding , values may not add to 100 % . )	0
What is the purpose of North American Free Trade Agreement	The North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) is an agreement signed by Canada , Mexico , and the United States , creating a trilateral trade bloc in North America .	1
What is the purpose of North American Free Trade Agreement	The agreement came into force on January 1 , 1994 .	0
What is the purpose of North American Free Trade Agreement	It superseded the Canada–United States Free Trade Agreement between the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico	0
What is the purpose of North American Free Trade Agreement	NAFTA has two supplements : the North American Agreement on Environmental Cooperation ( NAAEC ) and the North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation ( NAALC ) .	0
when is the wv state fair	The State Fair of West Virginia is an annual state fair for West Virginia .	0
when is the wv state fair	It is held annually in mid-August on the State Fairgrounds in Fairlea , near Lewisburg , West Virginia in the southeastern part of the state .	1
when is the wv state fair	The State Fairgrounds consists of a large open field for carnivals and exhibitions , a horse track , grandstands , and several exhibition buildings .	0
when is the wv state fair	Free parking is provided adjacent to the fairgrounds and , until 2006 , free camping was also available in a large field with running-water toilets and showers , but no hookups .	0
when is the wv state fair	Campers are now charged a small fee .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Benedict Arnold ( June 14 , 1801 ) was a general during the American Revolutionary War who originally fought for the American Continental Army but defected to the British Army .	0
what did benedict arnold die	While a general on the American side , he obtained command of the fort at West Point , New York , and planned to surrender it to the British forces .	0
what did benedict arnold die	After the plan was exposed in September 1780 , he was commissioned into the British Army as a brigadier general .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Born in Connecticut , Arnold was a merchant operating ships on the Atlantic Ocean when the war broke out in 1775 .	0
what did benedict arnold die	After joining the growing army outside Boston , he distinguished himself through acts of intelligence and bravery .	0
what did benedict arnold die	His actions included the Capture of Fort Ticonderoga in 1775 , defensive and delaying tactics despite losing the Battle of Valcour Island on Lake Champlain in 1776 , the Battle of Ridgefield , Connecticut ( after which he was promoted to major general ) , operations in relief of the Siege of Fort Stanwix , and key actions during the pivotal Battles of Saratoga in 1777 , in which he suffered leg injuries that ended his combat career for several years .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Despite Arnold 's successes , he was passed over for promotion by the Continental Congress while other officers claimed credit for some of his accomplishments .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Adversaries in military and political circles brought charges of corruption or other malfeasance , but most often he was acquitted in formal inquiries .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Congress investigated his accounts and found he was indebted to Congress after spending much of his own money on the war effort .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Frustrated and bitter , Arnold decided to change sides in 1779 , and opened secret negotiations with the British .	0
what did benedict arnold die	In July 1780 , he was offered , continued to pursue and was awarded command of West Point .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Arnold 's scheme to surrender the fort to the British was exposed when American forces captured British Major John André carrying papers that revealed the plot .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Upon learning of André 's capture , Arnold fled down the Hudson River to the British sloop-of-war Vulture , narrowly avoiding capture by the forces of George Washington , who had been alerted to the plot .	0
what did benedict arnold die	Arnold received a commission as a brigadier general in the British Army , an annual pension of £360 , and a lump sum of over £6,000 .	0
what did benedict arnold die	He led British forces on raids in Virginia , and against New London and Groton , Connecticut , before the war effectively ended with the American victory at Yorktown .	0
what did benedict arnold die	In the winter of 1782 , Arnold moved to London with his second wife , Margaret `` Peggy '' Shippen Arnold .	0
what did benedict arnold die	He was well received by King George III and the Tories but frowned upon by the Whigs .	0
what did benedict arnold die	In 1787 , he returned to the merchant business with his sons Richard and Henry in Saint John , New Brunswick .	0
what did benedict arnold die	He returned to London to settle permanently in 1791 , where he died ten years later .	1
what did benedict arnold die	Because of the way he changed sides , his name quickly became a in the United States for treason or betrayal .	0
what did benedict arnold die	His conflicting legacy is recalled in the ambiguous nature of some of the memorials that have been placed in his honor .	0
where is the Rhine river located on a map	The Rhine ( ; ; ) is a European river that runs from the Swiss canton of Grisons in the southeastern Swiss Alps through Germany and eventually flows into the North Sea coast in the Netherlands and is the twelfth longest river in Europe , at about , with an average discharge of more than .	1
where is the Rhine river located on a map	The Rhine and the Danube formed most of the northern inland frontier of the Roman Empire and , since those days , the Rhine has been a vital and navigable waterway carrying trade and goods deep inland .	0
where is the Rhine river located on a map	It has also served as a defensive feature and has been the basis for regional and international borders .	0
where is the Rhine river located on a map	The many castles and prehistoric fortifications along the Rhine testify to its importance as a waterway .	0
where is the Rhine river located on a map	River traffic could be stopped at these locations , usually for the purpose of collecting tolls , by the state that controlled that portion of the river .	0
what is grist mill stone	Allied Mills flour mill on the banks of the Manchester Ship Canal	0
what is grist mill stone	A gristmill ( also : grist mill , corn mill or flour mill ) grinds grain into flour .	1
what is grist mill stone	The term can refer to both the grinding mechanism and the building that holds it .	0
when was the trogan war	In Greek mythology , the Trojan War was waged against the city of Troy by the Achaeans ( Greeks ) after Paris of Troy took Helen from her husband Menelaus king of Sparta .	0
when was the trogan war	The war is one of the most important events in Greek mythology and has been narrated through many works of Greek literature , most notably through Homer 's Iliad and the Odyssey .	0
when was the trogan war	The Iliad relates a part of the last year of the siege of Troy ; the Odyssey describes Odysseus 's journey home .	0
when was the trogan war	Other parts of the war are contained in a cycle of epic poems , which have survived through fragments .	0
when was the trogan war	Episodes from the war provided material for Greek tragedy and other works of Greek literature , and for Roman poets including Virgil and Ovid .	0
when was the trogan war	The war originated from a quarrel between the goddesses Athena , Hera , and Aphrodite , after Eris , the goddess of strife and discord , gave them a golden apple , sometimes known as the Apple of Discord , marked `` for the fairest '' .	0
when was the trogan war	Zeus sent the goddesses to Paris , who judged that Aphrodite , as the `` fairest '' , should receive the apple .	0
when was the trogan war	In exchange , Aphrodite made Helen , the most beautiful of all women and wife of Menelaus , fall in love with Paris , who took her to Troy .	0
when was the trogan war	Agamemnon , king of Mycenae and the brother of Helen 's husband Menelaus , led an expedition of Achaean troops to Troy and besieged the city for ten years because of Paris ' insult .	0
when was the trogan war	After the deaths of many heroes , including the Achaeans Achilles and Ajax , and the Trojans Hector and Paris , the city fell to the ruse of the Trojan Horse .	0
when was the trogan war	The Achaeans slaughtered the Trojans ( except for some of the women and children whom they kept or sold as slaves ) and desecrated the temples , thus earning the gods ' wrath .	0
when was the trogan war	Few of the Achaeans returned safely to their homes and many founded colonies in distant shores .	0
when was the trogan war	The Romans later traced their origin to Aeneas , one of the Trojans , who was said to have led the surviving Trojans to modern-day Italy .	0
when was the trogan war	The ancient Greeks thought that the Trojan War was a historical event that had taken place in the 13th or 12th century BC , and believed that Troy was located in modern-day Turkey near the Dardanelles .	1
when was the trogan war	By modern times , both the war and the city were widely believed to be non-historical .	0
when was the trogan war	In 1868 , however , the German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann met Frank Calvert , who convinced Schliemann that Troy was at Hissarlik and Schliemann took over Calvert 's excavations on property belonging to Calvert ; this claim is now accepted by most scholars .	0
when was the trogan war	Whether there is any historical reality behind the Trojan War is an open question .	0
when was the trogan war	Many scholars believe that there is a historical core to the tale , though this may simply mean that the Homeric stories are a fusion of various tales of sieges and expeditions by Mycenaean Greeks during the Bronze Age .	0
when was the trogan war	Those who believe that the stories of the Trojan War are derived from a specific historical conflict usually date it to the 12th or 11th centuries BC , often preferring the dates given by Eratosthenes , 1194–1184 BC , which roughly corresponds with archaeological evidence of a catastrophic burning of Troy VIIa .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	Benedict XVI ( , , ; born Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger on 16 April 1927 ) is Pope emeritus of the Catholic Church .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He served as Pope from 2005 to 2013 .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	In that position , he was both the leader of the Catholic Church and Sovereign of the Vatican City State .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	Benedict was elected on 19 April 2005 in a papal conclave , celebrated his Papal Inauguration Mass on 24 April 2005 , and took possession of his cathedral , the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran , on 7 May 2005 .	1
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	Ordained as a priest in 1951 in his native Bavaria , Ratzinger established himself as a highly regarded university theologian by the late 1950s and was appointed a full professor in 1958 .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	After a long career as an academic , serving as a professor of theology at several German universities—the last being the University of Regensburg , where he served as Vice President of the university in 1976 and 1977—he was appointed Archbishop of Munich and Freising and cardinal by Pope Paul VI in 1977 , an unusual promotion for someone with little pastoral experience .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	In 1981 , he settled in Rome when he became Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , one of the most important dicasteries of the Roman Curia .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	From 2002 until his election as pope , he was also Dean of the College of Cardinals , and as such , the primus inter pares among the cardinals .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	Prior to becoming pope , he was `` a major figure on the Vatican stage for a quarter of a century '' as `` one of the most respected , influential and controversial members of the College of Cardinals '' ; he had an influence `` second to none when it came to setting church priorities and directions '' as one of Pope John Paul II 's closest confidants .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He was originally a liberal theologian , but adopted conservative views after 1968 .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	His prolific writings defend traditional Catholic doctrine and values .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	During his papacy , Benedict XVI advocated a return to fundamental Christian values to counter the increased secularisation of many Western countries .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He views relativism 's denial of objective truth , and the denial of moral truths in particular , as the central problem of the 21st century .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He taught the importance of both the Catholic Church and an understanding of God 's redemptive love .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	Pope Benedict also revived a number of traditions including elevating the Tridentine Mass to a more prominent position .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He renewed the relationship between the Catholic Church and art , viewing the use of beauty as a path to the sacred , promoted the use of Latin , and reintroduced traditional papal garments , for which reason he was called `` the pope of aesthetics '' .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He has been described as `` the main intellectual force in the Church '' since the mid-1980s .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	Several of Pope Benedict 's students from his academic career are also prominent churchmen today and confidantes of him , notably Christoph Schönborn .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	On 11 February 2013 , Pope Benedict announced his resignation in a speech in Latin before the cardinals , citing a `` lack of strength of mind and body '' due to his advanced age .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	His resignation became effective on 28 February 2013 .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He is the first pope to resign since Pope Gregory XII in 1415 , and the first to do so on his own initiative since Pope Celestine V in 1294 .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	As pope emeritus , Benedict retains the style of His Holiness , and the title of Pope , and will continue to dress in the papal colour of white .	0
when was Pope Benedict XVI elected ?	He was succeeded by Pope Francis on 13 March 2013 , and he moved into the newly renovated Mater Ecclesiae monastery for his retirement on 2 May 2013..	0
what is a store confectioner	Freak Lunchbox candy store in Halifax , Nova Scotia	0
what is a store confectioner	A confectionery store ( more commonly referred to as a sweet shop in the United Kingdom , a candy store in the North America , or a lolly shop in Australia ) sells confectionery and is usually targeted to children .	1
what is a store confectioner	Most confectionery stores are filled with an assortment of sweets far larger than a grocer or convenience store could accommodate .	1
what is a store confectioner	They often offer a selection of old fashioned treats , and sweets from different countries .	0
what is a store confectioner	Very often unchanged in layout since their inception , confectioneries are known for their warming and nostalgic feel .	0
what is a store confectioner	The village of Pateley Bridge claims to have the oldest confectionery store in England .	0
what is a store confectioner	The oldest sweet shop in England , in the village of Pateley Bridge	0
what is captcha code	Early CAPTCHAs such as these , generated by the EZ-Gimpy program , were used on Yahoo !	0
what is captcha code	A modern CAPTCHA , rather than attempting to create a distorted background and high levels of warping on the text , might focus on making segmentation difficult by adding an angled line .	0
what is captcha code	Another way to make segmentation difficult is to crowd symbols together , as in Yahoo ! 's current CAPTCHA format .	0
what is captcha code	Some CAPTCHAs try to utilize the ability of people to see three-dimensional objects .	0
what is captcha code	On this image , symbols are drawn with lines of different thickness to make an effect of extrusion .	0
what is captcha code	A CAPTCHA ( ) is a type of challenge-response test used in computing as an attempt to ensure that the response is generated by a human being .	1
what is captcha code	The process usually involves a computer asking a user to complete a simple test which the computer is able to grade .	0
what is captcha code	These tests are designed to be easy for a computer to generate but difficult for a computer to solve , but again easy for a human .	0
what is captcha code	If a correct solution is received , it can be presumed to have been entered by a human .	0
what is captcha code	A common type of CAPTCHA requires the user to type letters and/or digits from a distorted image that appears on the screen .	0
what is captcha code	Such tests are commonly used to prevent unwanted internet bots from accessing websites , since a normal human can easily read a CAPTCHA , while the bot can not process the image letters and therefore , can not answer properly , or at all .	0
what is captcha code	Although most CAPTCHAs are letter pictures randomly generated , many of them have become difficult even for a human to read , so picture CAPTCHAs were created in which a human is shown a simple test to show a picture of a certain animal ( given few animal pictures ) , which is simple for a human being to process , and therefore easy to pick , while a bot can not process and solve the question because although it can analyze the picture , it can not easily guess the animal .	0
what is captcha code	The term `` CAPTCHA '' was coined in 2000 by Luis von Ahn , Manuel Blum , Nicholas J. Hopper , and John Langford ( all of Carnegie Mellon University ) .	0
what is captcha code	It is an acronym based on the word `` capture '' and standing for `` Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart '' .	0
what is captcha code	Carnegie Mellon University attempted to trademark the term on 15 October 2004 , but the trademark application was abandoned on 21 April 2008 .	0
what is captcha code	A CAPTCHA is sometimes described as a reverse Turing test , because it is administered by a machine and targeted at a human , in contrast to the standard Turing test that is typically administered by a human and targeted at a machine .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey ( ) , officially the Republic of Turkey , is a transcontinental country , located mostly on Anatolia in Western Asia and on East Thrace in Southeastern Europe .	1
what country is turkey in	Turkey is bordered by eight countries : Bulgaria to the northwest ; Greece to the west ; Georgia to the northeast ; Armenia , Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east ; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast .	1
what country is turkey in	The Mediterranean Sea is to the south ; the Aegean Sea is to the west ; and the Black Sea is to the north .	0
what country is turkey in	The Sea of Marmara , the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles ( which together form the Turkish Straits ) demarcate the boundary between Thrace and Anatolia ; they also separate Europe and Asia .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey 's location at the crossroads of Europe and Asia makes it a country of significant geostrategic importance .	0
what country is turkey in	The country 's official language is Turkish , a Turkic language , which is spoken by approximately 85 % of the population as mother tongue .	0
what country is turkey in	The most numerous ethnic group is the Turks , who constitute between 70 % and 75 % of the population according to The World Factbook .	0
what country is turkey in	Kurds are the largest ethnic minority and , according to the same source , number around 18 % of the population while other ethnic minorities are estimated to be at 7–12 % .	0
what country is turkey in	The vast majority of the population is Muslim .	0
what country is turkey in	The area now called Turkey has been inhabited since the Paleolithic , including various Ancient Anatolian civilizations and Thracian peoples .	0
what country is turkey in	After Alexander the Great 's conquest , the area was Hellenized , which continued with the Roman rule and the transition into the Byzantine Empire .	0
what country is turkey in	The Seljuk Turks began migrating into the area in the 11th century , starting the process of Turkification , which was greatly accelerated by the Seljuk victory over the Byzantines at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071 .	0
what country is turkey in	The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm ruled Anatolia until the Mongol invasion in 1243 , upon which it disintegrated into several small Turkish beyliks .	0
what country is turkey in	Starting from the late 13th century , the Ottoman beylik united Anatolia and created an empire encompassing much of Southeastern Europe , Western Asia and North Africa .	0
what country is turkey in	After the Ottoman Empire collapsed following its defeat in World War I , parts of it were occupied by the victorious Allies .	0
what country is turkey in	A cadre of young military officers , led by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and his colleagues , organized a successful resistance to the Allies ; in 1923 they established the modern Republic of Turkey , with Atatürk as its first president .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey is a democratic , secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey has become increasingly integrated with the West through membership in organisations such as the Council of Europe , NATO , OECD , OSCE and the G-20 major economies .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey began full membership negotiations with the European Union in 2005 , having been an associate member of the European Economic Community since 1963 and having joined the EU Customs Union in 1995 .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey has also fostered close cultural , political and economic relations with the Middle East , Caucasus , the Turkic states of Central Asia and the African countries through membership in organisations such as the Turkic Council , Joint Administration of Turkic Arts and Culture , Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and the Economic Cooperation Organisation .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey 's growing economy and diplomatic initiatives have led to its recognition as a regional power .	0
what country is turkey in	Turkey is the world 's 17th largest economy by nominal GDP and the 16th largest by purchasing power parity .	0
who wrote white christmas	thumb	0
who wrote white christmas	`` White Christmas '' is an Irving Berlin song reminiscing about an old-fashioned Christmas setting .	1
who wrote white christmas	According to the Guinness Book of World Records , the version sung by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single of all time , with estimated sales in excess of 50 million copies worldwide .	0
who wrote white christmas	Accounts vary as to when and where Berlin wrote the song .	0
who wrote white christmas	One story is that he wrote it in 1940 , in warm La Quinta , California , while staying at the La Quinta Hotel , a frequent Hollywood retreat also favored by writer-producer Frank Capra , although the Arizona Biltmore also claims the song was written there .	0
who wrote white christmas	He often stayed up all night writing — he told his secretary , `` Grab your pen and take down this song .	0
who wrote white christmas	I just wrote the best song I 've ever written — heck , I just wrote the best song that anybody 's ever written ! ''	0
what is a gsm cell phone	The GSM logo is used to identify compatible handsets and equipment	0
what is a gsm cell phone	GSM ( Global System for Mobile Communications , originally ' ) , is a standard set developed by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute ( ETSI ) to describe protocols for second generation ( 2G ) digital cellular networks used by mobile phones .	1
what is a gsm cell phone	It became the de facto global standard for mobile communications with over 80 % market share .	0
what is a gsm cell phone	The GSM standard was developed as a replacement for first generation ( 1G ) analog cellular networks , and originally described a digital , circuit switched network optimized for full duplex voice telephony .	0
what is a gsm cell phone	This was expanded over time to include data communications , first by circuit switched transport , then packet data transport via GPRS ( General Packet Radio Services ) and EDGE ( Enhanced Data rates for GSM Evolution or EGPRS ) .	0
what is a gsm cell phone	Further improvements were made when the 3GPP developed third generation ( 3G ) UMTS standards followed by fourth generation ( 4G ) LTE Advanced standards .	0
what is a gsm cell phone	`` GSM '' is a trademark owned by the GSM Association .	0
what is the controlled substance act known as	The Controlled Substances Act ( CSA ) was enacted into law by the Congress of the United States as Title II of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 .	1
what is the controlled substance act known as	The CSA is the federal U.S. drug policy under which the manufacture , importation , possession , use and distribution of certain substances is regulated .	0
what is the controlled substance act known as	The Act also served as the national implementing legislation for the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs .	0
what is the controlled substance act known as	The legislation created five Schedules ( classifications ) , with varying qualifications for a substance to be included in each .	0
what is the controlled substance act known as	Two federal agencies , the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Food and Drug Administration , determine which substances are added to or removed from the various schedules , though the statute passed by Congress created the initial listing , and Congress has sometimes scheduled other substances through legislation such as the Hillory J. Farias and Samantha Reid Date-Rape Prevention Act of 2000 , which placed gamma hydroxybutyrate in Schedule I . Classification decisions are required to be made on criteria including potential for abuse ( an undefined term ) , currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States , and international treaties .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma ( , ) is a mid-sized urban port city and the county seat of Pierce County , Washington , United States .	1
what county is tacoma washington in	The city is on Washington 's Puget Sound , southwest of Seattle , northeast of the state capital , Olympia , and northwest of Mount Rainier National Park .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	The population was 198,397 , according to the 2010 census .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma is the second-largest city in the Puget Sound area and the third largest in the state .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma also serves as the center of business activity for the South Sound region , which has a population of around 1 million people .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma adopted its name after the nearby Mount Rainier , originally called Mount Tahoma .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	It is known as the `` City of Destiny '' because the area was chosen to be the western terminus of the Northern Pacific Railroad in the late 19th century .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	The decision of the railroad was influenced by Tacoma 's neighboring deep-water harbor , Commencement Bay .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	By connecting the bay with the railroad Tacoma 's motto became `` When rails meet sails . ''	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Today Commencement Bay serves the Port of Tacoma , a center of international trade on the Pacific Coast and Washington state 's largest port .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Like most central cities , Tacoma suffered a prolonged decline in the mid-20th century as a result of suburbanization and divestment .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Since the 1990s , developments in the downtown core include the University of Washington Tacoma ; Tacoma Link , the first modern electric light rail service in the state ; the state 's highest density of art and history museums ; and a restored urban waterfront , the Thea Foss Waterway .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	With a long history of blue-collar labor politics — from the railroad workers of the 19th century , to the longshoremen of the 20th century , to the Labor Ready workers of today — Tacoma has long been known for its rough , gritty image .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	A song about Tacoma , `` Thrice All American '' , by American singer-songwriter and former resident Neko Case , describes it as `` a dusty old jewel in the South Puget Sound / where the factories churn / and the timber 's all cut down '' .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma-Pierce County has been named one of the most livable areas in the country .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma was also recently listed as the 19th most walkable city in the country .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	In contrast , the city is also ranked as the most stressed-out city in the country in a 2004 survey .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	In 2006 , women 's magazine Self named Tacoma the `` Most Sexually Healthy City '' in the United States .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	In 2012 , The Advocate gave Tacoma the title of `` Gayest City in America '' , in part because of the large diversity of public offices held , and Washington State passing a bill in 2012 allowing LGBT couples to marry .	0
what county is tacoma washington in	Tacoma is famous for the 1940 collapse of the Tacoma Narrows Bridge .	0
what does add my two cents mean	A United States cent , also known as a penny .	0
what does add my two cents mean	`` My two cents '' ( 2¢ ) and its longer version `` put my two cents in '' is an United States ( US ) idiomatic expression , taken from the original English idiom expression : to put in `` my two pennies worth '' or `` my tuppence worth . ''	1
what does add my two cents mean	It is used to preface the tentative stating of one’s opinion .	0
what does add my two cents mean	By deprecating the opinion to follow – suggesting its value is only two cents , a very small amount – the user of the phrase hopes to lessen the impact of a possibly statement , showing politeness and humility .	0
what does add my two cents mean	However , it is also sometimes used with irony when expressing a strongly felt opinion .	0
what does add my two cents mean	The phrase is also used out of habit to preface uncontentious opinions .	0
what does add my two cents mean	For example:	0
when was the world of coca cola built	The exterior of the current World of Coca-Cola at Pemberton Place .	0
when was the world of coca cola built	The World of Coca-Cola , is a permanent exhibition featuring the history of The Coca-Cola Company .	0
when was the world of coca cola built	Its well-known advertising as well as a host of entertainment areas and attractions , and is located in Atlanta , Georgia ( where the company 's headquarters are located ) at Pemberton Place ( named in honor of John Pemberton , the inventor of Coca-Cola ) .	0
when was the world of coca cola built	as part of Georgia 's museums .	0
when was the world of coca cola built	the complex located across Baker Street from Centennial Olympic Park that is home to the Georgia Aquarium and future Center for Civil & Human Rights .	0
when was the world of coca cola built	It opened to the public on May 24 , 2007 , relocating from and replacing the original exhibit .	1
who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner	The Mariner up on the mast in a storm .	0
who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner	One of the wood-engraved illustrations by Gustave Doré .	0
who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner	The Rime of the Ancient Mariner ( originally The Rime of the Ancyent Marinere ) is the longest major poem by the English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge , written in 1797–98 and published in 1798 in the first edition of Lyrical Ballads .	1
who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner	Modern editions use a later revised version printed in 1817 that featured a gloss .	0
who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner	Along with other poems in Lyrical Ballads , it was a signal shift to modern poetry and the beginning of British Romantic literature .	0
who is shem in the bible	Shem Ham and Japheth by James Tissot 1904 .	0
who is shem in the bible	Shem ( ; Sēm ; Arabic : Sām ; Ge'ez : ሴም , Sēm ; `` renown ; prosperity ; name '' ) was one of the sons of Noah in the Hebrew Bible as well as in Islamic literature .	1
who is shem in the bible	He is most popularly regarded as the eldest son , though some traditions regard him as the second son .	1
who is shem in the bible	Genesis 10:21 refers to relative ages of Shem and his brother Japheth , but with sufficient ambiguity to have yielded different translations .	0
who is shem in the bible	The verse is translated in the KJV as `` Unto Shem also , the father of all the children of Eber , the brother of Japheth the elder , even to him were children born . `` .	0
who is shem in the bible	However , the New American Standard Bible gives , `` Also to Shem , the father of all the children of Eber , and the older brother of Japheth , children were born . ''	0
who is shem in the bible	Genesis 11:10 records that Shem was still 100 years old at the birth of Arphaxad , ( but nearly 101 - see Chronology note , ) two years after the flood , making him barely 99 at the time the flood began ; and that he lived for another 500 years after this , making his age at death 600 years .	0
who is shem in the bible	The children of Shem were Elam , Asshur , Arphaxad , Lud , and Aram , in addition to daughters .	0
who is shem in the bible	Abraham , the patriarch of the Hebrews and Arabs , was one of the descendants of Arphaxad .	0
who is shem in the bible	Islamic literature describes Shem as one of the believing sons of Noah .	0
who is shem in the bible	Some sources even identify Shem as a prophet in his own right and that he was the next prophet after his father .	0
who is shem in the bible	In one Muslim legend , Shem was one of the people that God made Jesus resurrect as a sign to the Children of Israel .	0
who is shem in the bible	The 1st century historian Flavius Josephus , among many others , recounted the tradition that these five sons were the progenitors of the nations of Elam , Assyria , Chaldea , Lydia , and Syria , respectively .	0
who is shem in the bible	Semitic is still a commonly used term for the Semitic languages , as a subset of the Afro-Asiatic languages , denoting the common linguistic heritage of Arabic , Aramaic , Akkadian , Ethiopic , Hebrew and Phoenician languages .	0
who is shem in the bible	According to some Jewish traditions ( e.g. , B. Talmud Nedarim 32b ; Genesis Rabbah 46:7 ; Genesis Rabbah 56:10 ; Leviticus Rabbah 25:6 ; Numbers Rabbah 4:8 . ) , Shem is believed to have been Melchizedek , King of Salem whom Abraham is recorded to have met after the battle of the four kings .	0
who is shem in the bible	In a few of the many extra-biblical sources that describe him , Shem is also credited with killing Nimrod , son of Cush .	0
who is shem in the bible	Shem is mentioned in Genesis 5:32 , 6:10 ; 7:13 ; 9:18,23,26-27 ; 10 ; 11:10 ; also in 1 Chronicles 1:4 .	0
who is shem in the bible	Geographic identifications of Flavius Josephus , c. 100 AD ; Japheth 's sons shown in red , Ham 's sons in blue , Shem 's sons in green .	0
where did the persian war take place	The Greco-Persian Wars ( also often called the Persian Wars ) were a series of conflicts between the Achaemenid Empire of Persia and city-states of the Hellenic world that started in 499 BC and lasted until 449 BC .	1
where did the persian war take place	The collision between the fractious political world of the Greeks and the enormous empire of the Persians began when Cyrus the Great conquered Ionia in 547 BC .	0
where did the persian war take place	Struggling to rule the independent-minded cities of Ionia , the Persians appointed tyrants to rule each of them .	0
where did the persian war take place	This would prove to be the source of much trouble for the Greeks and Persians alike .	0
where did the persian war take place	In 499 BC , the then tyrant of Miletus , Aristagoras , embarked on an expedition to conquer the island of Naxos , with Persian support ; however , the expedition was a debacle and , pre-empting his dismissal , Aristagoras incited all of Hellenic Asia Minor into rebellion against the Persians .	0
where did the persian war take place	This was the beginning of the Ionian Revolt , which would last until 493 BC , progressively drawing more regions of Asia Minor into the conflict .	0
where did the persian war take place	Aristagoras secured military support from Athens and Eretria , and in 498 BC these forces helped to capture and burn the Persian regional capital of Sardis .	0
where did the persian war take place	The Persian king Darius the Great vowed to have revenge on Athens and Eretria for this act .	0
where did the persian war take place	The revolt continued , with the two sides effectively stalemated throughout 497–495 BC .	0
where did the persian war take place	In 494 BC , the Persians regrouped , and attacked the epicentre of the revolt in Miletus .	1
where did the persian war take place	At the Battle of Lade , the Ionians suffered a decisive defeat , and the rebellion collapsed , with the final members being stamped out the following year .	1
where did the persian war take place	Seeking to secure his empire from further revolts and from the interference of the mainland Greeks , Darius embarked on a scheme to conquer Greece and to punish Athens and Eretria for burning Sardis .	1
where did the persian war take place	The first Persian invasion of Greece began in 492 BC , with the Persian general Mardonius conquering Thrace and Macedon before several mishaps forced an early end to the campaign .	0
where did the persian war take place	In 490 BC a second force was sent to Greece , this time across the Aegean Sea , under the command of Datis and Artaphernes .	0
where did the persian war take place	This expedition subjugated the Cyclades , before besieging , capturing and razing Eretria .	0
where did the persian war take place	However , while en route to attack Athens , the Persian force was decisively defeated by the Athenians at the Battle of Marathon , ending Persian efforts for the time being .	0
where did the persian war take place	Darius then began to plan to complete the conquest of Greece , but died in 486 BC and responsibility for the conquest passed to his son Xerxes I .	0
where did the persian war take place	In 480 BC , Xerxes personally led the second Persian invasion of Greece with one of the largest ancient armies ever assembled .	0
where did the persian war take place	Victory over the 'Allied ' Greek states ( led by Sparta and Athens ) at the Battle of Thermopylae allowed the Persians to torch Athens and overrun most of Greece .	0
where did the persian war take place	However , while seeking to destroy the combined Greek fleet , the Persians suffered a severe defeat at the Battle of Salamis .	0
where did the persian war take place	The following year , the confederated Greeks went on the offensive , defeating the Persian army at the Battle of Plataea , and ending the invasion of Greece .	0
where did the persian war take place	The allied Greeks followed up their success by destroying the rest of the Persian fleet at the Battle of Mycale , before expelling Persian garrisons from Sestos ( 479 BC ) and Byzantium ( 478 BC ) .	0
where did the persian war take place	The actions of the general Pausanias at the siege of Byzantium alienated many of the Greek states from the Spartans , and the anti-Persian alliance was therefore reconstituted around Athenian leadership , as the so-called Delian League .	1
where did the persian war take place	The Delian League continued to campaign against Persia for the next three decades , beginning with the expulsion of the remaining Persian garrisons from Europe .	0
where did the persian war take place	At the Battle of the Eurymedon in 466 BC , the League won a double victory that finally secured freedom for the cities of Ionia .	1
where did the persian war take place	However , the League 's involvement in an Egyptian revolt ( from 460–454 BC ) resulted in a disastrous defeat , and further campaigning was suspended .	0
where did the persian war take place	A fleet was sent to Cyprus in 451 BC , but achieved little , and when it withdrew the Greco-Persian Wars drew to a quiet end .	1
where did the persian war take place	Some historical sources suggest the end of hostilities was marked by a peace treaty between Athens and Persia , the so-called Peace of Callias .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	Bubbles ( born 1983 ) is a common chimpanzee , known for being the one-time pet of American recording artist Michael Jackson , who bought the primate from a Texas research facility in the early 1980s .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	The animal was a frequent travel companion to the singer , whose attachment to the animal led to media mockery and , among other factors , to a public perception of Jackson as an eccentric .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	During the Bad World Tour , for example , Jackson brought Bubbles with him to Japan , where they both drank tea with the mayor of Osaka .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	Bubbles was initially kept at the Jackson family 's home in Encino , Los Angeles , but was moved to Neverland Ranch in 1988 .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	There , he slept in a crib in Jackson 's bedroom , used the singer 's toilet , and ate candy in the Neverland movie theater .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	In 2003 the public learned that , like all captive chimpanzees , Bubbles had matured into a large and aggressive adult chimp unsuitable as a companion animal .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	He was sent to a California animal trainer , where he was reported to have attempted suicide .	0
Where is Bubbles the Chimp now	When the trainer shut down his operation in 2004 , Bubbles was moved to the Center for Great Apes , a sanctuary in Wauchula , Florida , where he has lived since 2005 .	1
who created the tourbillon movement ?	Stührling Tourbillon Movement ( ) .	0
who created the tourbillon movement ?	In horology , a tourbillon ( ; `` whirlwind '' ) is an addition to the mechanics of a watch escapement .	0
who created the tourbillon movement ?	Developed around 1795 by the French-Swiss watchmaker Abraham-Louis Breguet from an earlier idea by the English chronometer maker John Arnold , a tourbillon aims to counter the effects of gravity by mounting the escapement and balance wheel in a rotating cage , to negate the effect of gravity when the timepiece ( thus the escapement ) is stuck in a certain position .	1
who created the tourbillon movement ?	Originally an attempt to improve accuracy , tourbillons are still included in some expensive modern watches as a novelty and demonstration of watchmaking virtuosity .	0
who created the tourbillon movement ?	The mechanism is usually exposed on the watch 's face to show it off .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	In poker , players construct hands of five cards according to predetermined rules , which vary according to which variant of poker is being played .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	These hands are compared using a hand ranking system that is standard across all variants of poker , the player with the highest-ranking hand winning that particular deal in most variants of poker .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	In some variants , the lowest-ranking hand can win or tie .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	These hand rankings are also used in some other card games , and in poker dice .	1
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	The ranking of a particular hand is increased by including multiple cards of the same card rank , by all five cards being from the same suit , or by all five cards being of consecutive rank .	0
what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush	The relative ranking of the various hand categories is based on the probability of being randomly dealt such a hand from a well- shuffled deck .	0
how is human height measured	Human height is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head in a human body , standing erect .	1
how is human height measured	When populations share genetic background and environmental factors , average height is frequently characteristic within the group .	0
how is human height measured	Exceptional height variation ( around 20 % deviation from average ) within such a population is sometimes due to gigantism or dwarfism , which are medical conditions caused by specific genes or endocrine abnormalities .	0
how is human height measured	In regions of extreme poverty or prolonged warfare , environmental factors like chronic malnutrition during childhood or adolescence may account for delayed growth and/or ( in severe cases ) marked reductions in adult stature even without the presence of any of these medical conditions .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Radial engine timing and cam mechanism .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Click for full resolution animation .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Radial engine of a biplane	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Master rod ( upright ) , slaves and balances from a two-row , fourteen-cylinder Pratt & Whitney Twin Wasp	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	The radial engine is a reciprocating type internal combustion engine configuration in which the cylinders point outward from a central crankshaft like the spokes of a wheel .	1
how are aircraft radial engines built	It resembles a stylized star when viewed from the front , and is called a `` star engine '' ( German Sternmotor ) in some languages .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	The radial configuration was very commonly used in aircraft engines before turbine engines became predominant .	0
what is a bad beat in poker	In poker , bad beat is a subjective term for a hand in which a player with what appear to be strong cards nevertheless loses .	1
what is a bad beat in poker	It most often occurs where one player bets the clearly stronger hand and their opponent makes a poor call that eventually `` hits '' and wins .	0
what is a bad beat in poker	There is no consensus among poker players as to what exactly constitutes a bad beat and often players will disagree about whether a particular hand was a bad beat .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	The raccoon ( , Procyon lotor ) , sometimes spelled racoon , also known as the common raccoon , North American raccoon , northern raccoon and colloquially as coon , is a medium-sized mammal native to North America .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	The raccoon is the largest of the procyonid family , having a body length of and a body weight of .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Its grayish coat mostly consists of dense underfur which insulates against cold weather .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Two of the raccoon 's most distinctive features are its extremely dexterous front paws and its facial mask , which are themes in the mythology of several Native American tribes .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Raccoons are noted for their intelligence , with studies showing that they are able to remember the solution to tasks for up to three years .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	The diet of the omnivorous raccoon , which is usually nocturnal , consists of about 40 % invertebrates , 33 % plant foods , and 27 % vertebrates .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	The original habitats of the raccoon are deciduous and mixed forests , but due to their adaptability they have extended their range to mountainous areas , coastal marshes , and urban areas , where some homeowners consider them to be pests .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	As a result of escapes and deliberate introductions in the mid-20th century , raccoons are now also distributed across the European mainland , the Caucasus region and Japan .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Though previously thought to be solitary , there is now evidence that raccoons engage in gender-specific social behavior .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Related females often share a common area , while unrelated males live together in groups of up to four animals to maintain their positions against foreign males during the mating season , and other potential invaders .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Home range sizes vary anywhere from 3 hectares ( 7 acres ) for females in cities to 50 km2 ( 20 sq mi ) for males in prairies .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	After a gestation period of about 65 days , two to five young , known as `` kits '' , are born in spring .	1
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	The kits are subsequently raised by their mother until dispersion in late fall .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	Although captive raccoons have been known to live over 20 years , their average life expectancy in the wild is only 1.8 to 3.1 years .	0
how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter	In many areas , hunting and vehicular injury are the two most common causes of death .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The Jews ( ISO 259-3 Israeli pronunciation ) , also known as the Jewish people , are a nation and an ethnoreligious group , originating in the Israelites or Hebrews of the Ancient Near East .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The Jewish ethnicity , nationality , and religion are strongly interrelated , as Judaism is the traditional faith of the Jewish nation .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	Converts to Judaism , whose status as Jews within the Jewish ethnos is equal to those born into it , have been absorbed into the Jewish people throughout the millennia .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	In Jewish tradition , Jewish ancestry is traced to the Biblical patriarchs Abraham , Isaac and Jacob in the second millennium BCE .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The modern State of Israel was established as a Jewish nation-state , and defines itself as such in its Basic Laws .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	Its Law of Return grants the right of citizenship to any Jew who requests it .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	Israel is the only country where Jews are a majority of the population .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	Jews also enjoyed political autonomy twice before in ancient history .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The first of these periods lasted from 1350 to 586 BCE , and encompassed the periods of the Judges , the United Monarchy , and the Divided Monarchy of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah , ending with the destruction of the First Temple .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The second was the period of the Hasmonean Kingdom spanning from 140 to 37 BCE .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	Since the destruction of the First Temple , most Jews have lived in diaspora .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	A minority in every country in which they live ( except Israel ) , they have frequently experienced persecution throughout history , resulting in a population that has fluctuated both in numbers and distribution over the centuries .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The world Jewish population reached a peak of 15 million prior to the Second World War , but six million Jews were killed in the Holocaust .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	Since then the population has risen again and , was estimated at 13.4 million by the North American Jewish Data Bank , or less than 0.2 % of the total world population ( roughly one in every 514 people ) .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	According to this report , about 42.5 % of all Jews reside in Israel ( 5.7 million ) , and 39.3 % in the United States ( 5.3 million ) , with most of the remainder living in Europe ( 1.5 million ) and Canada ( 0.4 million ) .	1
where are the most concentration of jews living	These numbers include all those who consider themselves Jews , whether or not they are affiliated with a Jewish organization .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	The total world Jewish population , however , is difficult to measure .	0
where are the most concentration of jews living	In addition to issues with census methodology , there are halakhic disputes regarding who is a Jew and secular , political , and ancestral identification factors that may affect the figure considerably .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Single Malt Scotch is single malt whisky made in Scotland using a pot still distillation process at a single distillery , with malted barley as the only grain ingredient .	1
how is single malt scotch made	As with any Scotch whisky , a single malt Scotch must be distilled in Scotland and matured in oak casks in Scotland for at least three years ( most single malts are matured longer ) .	1
how is single malt scotch made	`` Malt '' indicates that the whisky is distilled from a `` malted '' grain .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Several types of grains can be malted ( for example , barley , rye and wheat are all grains which can be malted ) ; however , in the case of single malt Scotch , barley is always the only grain used .	0
how is single malt scotch made	`` Single '' indicates that all the malts in the bottle come from a single distillery .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Bottlings containing malt whisky from multiple distilleries are called `` blended malt `` .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Until the Scotch Whisky Regulations 2009 ( SWR 2009 ) , the word `` blended '' only appeared ( in the context of Scotch whisky ) on bottles of whisky that contained a mixture of both barley and non-barley grain whisky , but this is no longer the case .	0
how is single malt scotch made	Under the terminology established by the SWR 2009 , a `` blended malt Scotch whisky '' is a mixture of single malt Scotch whiskies , not a mixture of malted barley whisky and non-barley whisky ; those are called `` blended Scotch whisky '' , without the word `` malt '' .	0
how is single malt scotch made	The term `` blended malt '' replaced `` vatted malt '' used under the prior labelling conventions .	0
how is single malt scotch made	The age statement on a bottle of single malt Scotch is the number of years the whisky spent maturing in cask .	0
how is single malt scotch made	As very few whiskies are bottled from a single cask the age statement reflects the age of the youngest malt in the mix .	0
what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars	The mill or mille ( ) ( sometimes mil in the UK , when discussing property taxes in the United States , or previously in Cyprus and Malta ) is a now-abstract unit of currency used sometimes in accounting .	1
what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars	In the United States , it is a notional unit equivalent to of a United States dollar ( a tenth of a cent ) .	0
what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars	In the United Kingdom it was proposed during the decades of discussion on the decimalization of the pound as a division of the pound sterling .	0
what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars	Several other currencies used the mill , such as the Maltese lira .	0
what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars	The term comes from the Latin `` millesimum '' , meaning `` thousandth part '' .	0
what is in milk	Foremilk and Hindmilk samples of human breast milk	0
what is in milk	A glass of pasteurized cow milk	0
what is in milk	Milk is a white liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals .	1
what is in milk	It is the primary source of nutrition for young mammals before they are able to digest other types of food .	0
what is in milk	Early- lactation milk contains colostrum , which carries the mother 's antibodies to the baby and can reduce the risk of many diseases in the baby .	1
what is in milk	It also contains many other nutrients .	0
what is in milk	As an agricultural product , milk is extracted from mammals and used as food for humans .	0
what is in milk	Worldwide , dairy farms produced about 730 million tonnes of milk in 2011 .	0
what is in milk	India is the world 's largest producer and consumer of milk , yet neither exports nor imports milk .	0
what is in milk	New Zealand , the European Union 's 27 member states , Australia , and the United States are the world 's largest exporters of milk and milk products .	0
what is in milk	China and Russia are the world 's largest importers of milk and milk products .	0
what is in milk	Throughout the world , there are more than 6 billion consumers of milk and milk products .	0
what is in milk	Over 750 million people live within dairy farming households .	0
what is in milk	Milk is a key contributor to improving nutrition and food security particularly in developing countries .	0
what is in milk	Improvements in livestock and dairy technology offer significant promise in reducing poverty and malnutrition in the world .	0
how big is auburndale florida	Auburndale is a city in Polk County , Florida , United States .	0
how big is auburndale florida	The population was 11,032 at the 2000 census .	0
how big is auburndale florida	According to the U.S Census estimates of 2005 , the city had a population of 12,381 .	1
how big is auburndale florida	It is part of the Lakeland – Winter Haven Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
how is rfid tag powered	RFID chip next to a grain of rice .	0
how is rfid tag powered	This chip contains a radio-frequency electromagnetic field coil that modulates an external magnetic field to transfer a coded identification number when queried by a reader device .	0
how is rfid tag powered	This small type is incorporated in consumer products , and implanted in pets , for identification purposes .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) is the wireless non-contact use of radio-frequency electromagnetic fields to transfer data , for the purposes of automatically identifying and tracking tags attached to objects .	0
how is rfid tag powered	The tags contain electronically stored information .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Some tags are powered and read at short ranges ( a few meters ) via magnetic fields ( electromagnetic induction ) .	1
how is rfid tag powered	Others use a local power source such as a battery , or else have no battery but collect energy from the interrogating EM field , and then act as a passive transponder to emit microwaves or UHF radio waves ( i.e. , electromagnetic radiation at high frequencies ) .	1
how is rfid tag powered	Battery powered tags may operate at hundreds of meters .	1
how is rfid tag powered	Unlike a bar code , the tag does not necessarily need to be within line of sight of the reader , and may be embedded in the tracked object .	0
how is rfid tag powered	RFID tags are used in many industries .	0
how is rfid tag powered	An RFID tag attached to an automobile during production can be used to track its progress through the assembly line .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Pharmaceuticals can be tracked through warehouses .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Livestock and pets may have tags injected , allowing positive identification of the animal .	0
how is rfid tag powered	Since RFID tags can be attached to clothing , possessions , or even implanted within people , the possibility of reading personally-linked information without consent has raised privacy concerns .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP is an operating system produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers , including home and business desktops , laptops and media centers .	0
how old old is xp operating system	First released to computer manufacturers on August 24 , 2001 , it is the second most popular version of Windows , based on installed user base .	0
how old old is xp operating system	The name `` XP '' is short for `` eXPerience '' , highlighting the enhanced user experience .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP , the successor to Windows 2000 and Windows ME , was the first consumer-oriented operating system produced by Microsoft to be built on the Windows NT kernel .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP was released worldwide for retail sale on October 25 , 2001 , and over 400 million copies were in use in January 2006 .	1
how old old is xp operating system	It was succeeded by Windows Vista in January 2007 .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Direct OEM and retail sales of Windows XP ceased on June 30 , 2008 .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Microsoft continued to sell Windows XP through their System Builders ( smaller OEMs who sell assembled computers ) program until January 31 , 2009 .	0
how old old is xp operating system	On April 10 , 2012 , Microsoft reaffirmed that extended support for Windows XP and Office 2003 would end on April 8 , 2014 and suggested that administrators begin preparing to migrate to a newer OS .	0
how old old is xp operating system	The NT -based versions of Windows , which are programmed in C , C++ , and assembly , are known for their improved stability and efficiency over the 9x versions of Microsoft Windows .	0
how old old is xp operating system	Windows XP presented a significantly redesigned graphical user interface , a change Microsoft promoted as more user-friendly than previous versions of Windows .	0
how old old is xp operating system	In an attempt to further ameliorate the `` DLL hell `` that plagued the past versions of Windows , improved side-by-side assembly technology in Windows XP allows side-by-side installation , registration and servicing of multiple versions of globally shared software components in full isolation .	0
how old old is xp operating system	It is also the first version of Windows to use product activation to combat illegal copying .	0
how old old is xp operating system	During Windows XP 's development , the project was codenamed `` Whistler '' , after Whistler , British Columbia , as many Microsoft employees skied at the Whistler-Blackcomb ski resort .	0
how old old is xp operating system	According to web analytics data generated by Net Applications , Windows XP was the most widely used operating system until August 2012 , when Windows 7 overtook it .	0
how old old is xp operating system	, Windows XP market share is at 38.99 % , having decreased almost every month since at least November 2007 , the first month for which statistics are publicly available from Net Applications .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Saint Joseph with the Infant Jesus by Guido Reni	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Saint Joseph 's Day , March 19 , the Feast of St. Joseph is in Western Christianity the principal feast day of Saint Joseph , Spouse of the Blessed Virgin Mary .	1
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	He is also the step-father of Jesus of Nazareth /Jesus Christ .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It has the rank of a solemnity in the Roman Catholic Church ; Catholics who follow the Missal of 1962 celebrate it as a first class feast .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Previous to 1962 it was celebrated as a feast of the rank of double of the first class .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It is a feast or commemoration in the provinces of the Anglican Communion , and a feast or festival in the Lutheran Church .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Saint Joseph 's Day is the Patronal Feast day for Poland as well as for Canada , persons named Joseph , Josephine , etc. , for religious institutes , schools and parishes bearing his name , and for carpenters .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It is also Father 's Day in some Catholic countries , mainly Spain , Portugal , and Italy .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	March 19 was dedicated to Saint Joseph in several Western calendars by the tenth century , and this custom was established in Rome by 1479 .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Pope St. Pius V extended its use to the entire Roman Rite by his Apostolic Constitution Quo Primum ( July 14 , 1570 ) .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Since 1969 , Episcopal Conferences may , if they wish , transfer it to a date outside Lent .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Between 1870 and 1955 , a feast was celebrated in honor of St. Joseph as Spouse of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Patron of the Universal Church , the latter title having been given to him by Pope Pius IX .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	Originally celebrated on the third Sunday after Easter with an octave , after Divino Afflatu of St. Pius X ( see Reform of the Roman Breviary by Pope Pius X ) , it was moved to the preceding Wednesday .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	The feast was also retitled The Solemnity of Saint Joseph .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	This celebration and its accompanying octave was abolished during the modernisation and simplification of rubrics under Pope Pius XII in 1955 .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	It is still maintained by Catholics who follow the missal of 1962 or earlier missals .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	As the traditional holiday of the Apostles Ss . Philip and James , May 1 , had faded from the memory of most Catholics by the mid-twentieth century , that of Joseph the Worker was created in order to coincide with the celebration of international Labour Day ( May Day ) in many countries .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	The feast of Ss . Philip and James , which had been celebrated on that date since the sixth century , was moved from its traditional place .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	In the new calendar published in 1969 , the feast , which at one time occupied the highest possible rank in the Church calendar , was reduced to an optional Memorial , the lowest rank for a saint 's day .	0
what day is the feast of st joseph 's ?	The Eastern Orthodox Church celebrates Saint Joseph on the Sunday after Christmas .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso is a concentrated beverage brewed by forcing a small amount of nearly boiling water under pressure through finely ground coffee beans .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso often has a thicker consistency than coffee brewed by other methods , a higher concentration of suspended and dissolved solids , and crema ( meaning cream , but being a reference to the foam with a creamy texture that forms as a result of the pressure ) .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	As a result of the pressurized brewing process the flavors and chemicals in a typical cup of espresso are very concentrated .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso is the base for other drinks , such as a latte , cappuccino , macchiato , mocha , or americano .	0
how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso	Espresso has more caffeine per unit volume than most beverages , but the usual serving size is smaller—a typical 60 mL ( 2 US fluid ounce ) of espresso has 80 to 150 mg of caffeine , little less than the 95 to 200 mg of a standard 240 mL ( 8 US fluid ounces ) cup of drip-brewed coffee .	1
what are the 7 continents	Animated , color-coded map showing the various continents and regions .	0
what are the 7 continents	Depending on the convention and model , some continents may be consolidated or subdivided : for example , Eurasia is most often subdivided into Europe and Asia ( red shades ) , while North and South America are sometimes recognized as one American continent ( green shades ) .	0
what are the 7 continents	A continent is one of several very large landmasses on Earth .	0
what are the 7 continents	They are generally identified by convention rather than any strict criteria , with up to seven regions commonly regarded as continents—they are ( from largest in size to smallest ) : Asia , Africa , North America , South America , Antarctica , Europe , and Australia .	1
what are the 7 continents	In geology , continents are described by means of tectonic plates .	0
what are the 7 continents	Plate tectonics is the process and study of the movement , collision and division of continents , earlier known as continental drift .	0
what classes are considered humanities	Philosopher Plato by Silanion	0
what classes are considered humanities	The humanities are academic disciplines that study human culture , using methods that are primarily analytical , critical , or speculative , and having a significant historical element , as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural sciences .	1
what classes are considered humanities	The humanities include ancient and modern languages , literature , philosophy , religion , and visual and performing arts such as music and theatre .	1
what classes are considered humanities	The humanities that are also regarded as social sciences include history , anthropology , area studies , communication studies , cultural studies , law , economics and linguistics .	1
what classes are considered humanities	Scholars working in the humanities are sometimes described as `` humanists '' .	0
what classes are considered humanities	However , that term also describes the philosophical position of humanism , which some `` antihumanist `` scholars in the humanities reject .	0
what classes are considered humanities	Some secondary schools offer humanities classes , usually consisting of English literature , global studies , and art .	0
what classes are considered humanities	Human disciplines like history , cultural anthropology and psychoanalysis study subject matters to which the experimental method does not apply , and they have access instead to the comparative method and comparative research .	1
who won the women 's world cup	The FIFA Women 's World Cup is an international association football competition contested by the senior women 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body .	0
who won the women 's world cup	The championship has been awarded every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1991 .	0
who won the women 's world cup	Japan won the 2011 tournament in a penalty shootout .	1
who won the women 's world cup	The current format of the tournament involves 16 teams competing for the title at venues within the host nation ( s ) over a period of about three weeks ; – this phase is often called the World Cup Finals .	0
who won the women 's world cup	A qualification phase , which currently takes place over the preceding three years , is used to determine which teams qualify for the tournament together with the host nation ( s ) .	0
who won the women 's world cup	The FIFA Women 's World Cup is recognized as the most important International competition in women 's football and is played amongst women 's national football teams of the member states of FIFA , the sport 's global governing body .	0
who won the women 's world cup	The first Women 's World Cup tournament , named the Women 's World Championship , was held in 1991 , sixty-one years after the men 's first FIFA World Cup tournament in 1930 .	0
who won the women 's world cup	The six World Cup tournaments have been won by four different national teams .	0
who won the women 's world cup	The next World Cup will be hosted by Canada in 2015 .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	A series of events led to the attack on Pearl Harbor .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	War between Japan and the United States had been a possibility that each nation 's military forces planned for since the 1920s , though real tension did not begin until the 1931 invasion of Manchuria by Japan .	1
what war led to Pearl Harbor	Over the next decade , Japan expanded slowly into China , leading to all out war between the two in 1937 .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	In 1940 Japan invaded French Indochina in an effort to embargo all imports into China , including war supplies purchased from the U.S .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	This move prompted the United States to embargo all oil exports , leading the Imperial Japanese Navy to estimate that it had less than two years of bunker oil remaining and to support the existing plans to seize oil resources in the Dutch East Indies .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	Planning had been underway for some time on an attack on the `` Southern Resource Area '' to add it to the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere that Japan envisioned in the Pacific .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	The Philippine islands , at that time an American territory , were also a Japanese target .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	The Japanese military concluded that an invasion of the Philippines would provoke an American military response .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	Rather than seize and fortify the islands , and wait for the inevitable US counterattack , Japan 's military leaders instead decided on the pre-emptive Pearl Harbor attack , which they assumed would negate the American forces needed for the liberation and reconquest of the islands .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	Planning for the attack had begun in very early 1941 , by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	He finally won assent from the Naval High Command by , among other things , threatening to resign .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	The attack was approved in the summer at an Imperial Conference and again at a second Conference in the fall .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	Simultaneously over the year , pilots were trained , and ships prepared for its execution .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	Authority for the attack was granted at the second Imperial Conference if a diplomatic result satisfactory to Japan was not reached .	0
what war led to Pearl Harbor	After final approval by Emperor Hirohito the order to attack was issued at the beginning of December .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	ASP.NET is a server-side Web application framework designed for Web development to produce dynamic Web pages .	1
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	It was developed by Microsoft to allow programmers to build dynamic web sites , web applications and web services .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	It was first released in January 2002 with version 1.0 of the .NET Framework , and is the successor to Microsoft 's Active Server Pages ( ASP ) technology .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	ASP.NET is built on the Common Language Runtime ( CLR ) , allowing programmers to write ASP.NET code using any supported .NET language .	0
how is ASP.NET different from .NET	The ASP.NET SOAP extension framework allows ASP.NET components to process SOAP messages .	0
When did F15s first fly	The McDonnell Douglas ( now Boeing ) F-15 Eagle is a twin-engine , all-weather tactical fighter designed by McDonnell Douglas to gain and maintain air superiority in aerial combat .	0
When did F15s first fly	It is considered among the most successful modern fighters , with over 100 aerial combat victories with no losses in dogfights .	0
When did F15s first fly	Following reviews of proposals , the United States Air Force selected McDonnell Douglas ' design in 1967 to meet the service 's need for a dedicated air superiority fighter .	0
When did F15s first fly	The Eagle first flew in July 1972 , and entered service in 1976 .	1
When did F15s first fly	Since the 1970s , the Eagle has been exported to Israel , Japan , Saudi Arabia , and other nations .	0
When did F15s first fly	The F-15 was originally envisioned as a pure air superiority aircraft .	0
When did F15s first fly	Its design included a secondary ground-attack capability that was largely unused .	0
When did F15s first fly	The design proved flexible enough that an all-weather strike derivative , the F-15E Strike Eagle , was later developed , and entered service in 1989 .	0
When did F15s first fly	The F-15 Eagle is expected to be in service with the U.S. Air Force past 2025 .	0
when did the cold war start	Photograph of the Berlin Wall taken from the West side .	0
when did the cold war start	The Wall was built in 1961 to prevent East Germans from fleeing from Communism .	0
when did the cold war start	It was an iconic symbol of the Cold War and its fall in 1989 marked the end of the War .	0
when did the cold war start	The Cold War , often dated from 1947 to 1991 , was a sustained state of political and military tension between powers in the Western Bloc , dominated by the United States with NATO among its allies , and powers in the Eastern Bloc , dominated by the Soviet Union along with the Warsaw Pact .	1
when did the cold war start	This began after the success of their temporary wartime alliance against Nazi Germany , leaving the USSR and the US as two superpowers with profound economic and political differences .	0
when did the cold war start	A neutral faction arose with the Non-Aligned Movement founded by Egypt , India , and Yugoslavia ; this faction rejected association with either the US-led West or the Soviet-led East .	0
when did the cold war start	The Cold War was so named because the two major powers—each possessing nuclear weapons and thereby threatened with mutual assured destruction —never met in direct military combat .	0
when did the cold war start	Instead , in their struggle for global influence they engaged in ongoing psychological warfare and in regular indirect confrontations through proxy wars .	0
when did the cold war start	Cycles of relative calm would be followed by high tension , which could have led to world war .	0
when did the cold war start	The tensest times were during the Berlin Blockade ( 1948–1949 ) , the Korean War ( 1950–1953 ) , the Suez Crisis ( 1956 ) , the Berlin Crisis of 1961 , the Cuban missile crisis ( 1962 ) , the Vietnam War ( 1959–1975 ) , the Yom Kippur War ( 1973 ) , the Soviet war in Afghanistan ( 1979–1989 ) , the Soviet downing of Korean Air Lines Flight 007 ( 1983 ) , and the `` Able Archer '' NATO military exercises ( 1983 ) .	0
when did the cold war start	The conflict was expressed through military coalitions , strategic conventional force deployments , extensive aid to client states , espionage , massive propaganda campaigns , conventional and nuclear arms races , appeals to neutral nations , rivalry at sports events ( in particular the Olympics ) , and technological competitions such as the Space Race .	0
when did the cold war start	The US and USSR became involved in political and military conflicts in the Third World countries of Latin America , Africa , the Middle East , and Southeast Asia .	0
when did the cold war start	To alleviate the risk of a potential nuclear war , both sides sought relief of political tensions through détente in the 1970s .	0
when did the cold war start	In the 1980s , the United States increased diplomatic , military , and economic pressures on the Soviet Union , at a time when the communist state was already suffering from economic stagnation .	0
when did the cold war start	In the mid-1980s , the new Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev introduced the liberalizing reforms of perestroika ( `` reorganization '' , 1987 ) and glasnost ( `` openness '' , ca . 1985 ) .	0
when did the cold war start	Pressures for national independence grew stronger in Eastern Europe , especially Poland .	0
when did the cold war start	They reached a breaking point when Gorbachev refused to use Soviet troops to support the faltering government of East Germany in late 1989 .	0
when did the cold war start	Within weeks all the satellite states broke free from Moscow in a peaceful wave of revolutions ( there was some violence in Romania ) .	0
when did the cold war start	The pressures escalated inside the Soviet Union , where Communism fell and the USSR was formally dissolved in late 1991 .	0
when did the cold war start	The United States remained as the world 's only superpower .	0
when did the cold war start	The Cold War and its events have left a significant legacy , and it is often referred to in popular culture , especially in media featuring themes of espionage and the threat of nuclear warfare .	0
what is cu the element	Copper is a chemical element with the symbol Cu ( from ) and atomic number 29 .	1
what is cu the element	It is a ductile metal with very high thermal and electrical conductivity .	0
what is cu the element	Pure copper is soft and malleable ; a freshly exposed surface has a reddish-orange color .	0
what is cu the element	It is used as a conductor of heat and electricity , a building material , and a constituent of various metal alloys .	0
what is cu the element	The metal and its alloys have been used for thousands of years .	0
what is cu the element	In the Roman era , copper was principally mined on Cyprus , hence the origin of the name of the metal as сyprium ( metal of Cyprus ) , later shortened to сuprum .	0
what is cu the element	Its compounds are commonly encountered as copper ( II ) salts , which often impart blue or green colors to minerals such as azurite and turquoise and have been widely used historically as pigments .	0
what is cu the element	Architectural structures built with copper corrode to give green verdigris ( or patina ) .	0
what is cu the element	Decorative art prominently features copper , both by itself and as part of pigments .	0
what is cu the element	Copper is essential to all living organisms as a trace dietary mineral because it is a key constituent of the respiratory enzyme complex cytochrome c oxidase .	0
what is cu the element	In molluscs and crustacea copper is a constituent of the blood pigment hemocyanin , which is replaced by the iron-complexed hemoglobin in fish and other vertebrates .	0
what is cu the element	The main areas where copper is found in vertebrates are liver , muscle and bone .	0
what is cu the element	In sufficient concentration , copper compounds are poisonous to higher organisms and are used as bacteriostatic substances , fungicides , and wood preservatives .	0
how is canada 's health care	Health spending per capita , in $ US PPP-adjusted , with the US and Canada compared amongst other first world nations .	0
how is canada 's health care	Comparison of the health care systems in Canada and the United States are often made by government , public health and public policy analysts .	0
how is canada 's health care	The two countries had similar health care systems before Canada reformed its system in the 1960s and 1970s .	0
how is canada 's health care	The United States spends much more money on health care than Canada , on both a per-capita basis and as a percentage of GDP .	0
how is canada 's health care	In 2006 , per-capita spending for health care in Canada was US $ 3,678 ; in the U.S. , US $ 6,714 .	0
how is canada 's health care	The U.S. spent 15.3 % of GDP on health care in that year ; Canada spent 10.0 % .	0
how is canada 's health care	In 2006 , 70 % of health care spending in Canada was financed by government , versus 46 % in the United States .	0
how is canada 's health care	Total government spending per capita in the U.S. on health care was 23 % higher than Canadian government spending , and U.S. government expenditure on health care was just under 83 % of total Canadian spending ( public and private ) though these statistics do n't take into account population differences .	0
how is canada 's health care	Studies have come to different conclusions about the result of this disparity in spending .	0
how is canada 's health care	A 2007 review of all studies comparing health outcomes in Canada and the US in a Canadian peer-reviewed medical journal found that `` health outcomes may be superior in patients cared for in Canada versus the United States , but differences are not consistent . ''	1
how is canada 's health care	Life expectancy is longer in Canada , and its infant mortality rate is lower than that of the U.S. , but there is debate about the underlying causes of these differences .	0
how is canada 's health care	One commonly cited comparison , the 2000 World Health Organization 's ratings of `` overall health service performance '' , which used a `` composite measure of achievement in the level of health , the distribution of health , the level of responsiveness and fairness of financial contribution '' , ranked Canada 30th and the US 37th among 191 member nations .	0
how is canada 's health care	This study rated the US `` responsiveness '' , or quality of service for individuals receiving treatment , as 1st , compared with 7th for Canada .	0
how is canada 's health care	While the average life expectancy for Canadians was 80.34 years compared with 78.6 years for residents of the US , simply comparing the life expectancy of two groups with different racial makeup and different obesity rates is likely not an effective way of determining which healthcare system is superior .	0
how is canada 's health care	The WHO 's study methods were criticized by some analyses .	0
how is canada 's health care	Although there is a measure of consensus that life-expectancy and infant mortality mark the most reliable ways to compare nation-wide health care , assuming the population makeup is similar , a recent report by the Congressional Research Service carefully summarizes some recent data and notes the `` difficult research issues '' facing international comparisons .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Nanotechnology ( sometimes shortened to `` nanotech '' ) is the manipulation of matter on an atomic and molecular scale .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	The earliest , widespread description of nanotechnology referred to the particular technological goal of precisely manipulating atoms and molecules for fabrication of macroscale products , also now referred to as molecular nanotechnology .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	A more generalized description of nanotechnology was subsequently established by the National Nanotechnology Initiative , which defines nanotechnology as the manipulation of matter with at least one dimension sized from 1 to 100 nanometers .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	This definition reflects the fact that quantum mechanical effects are important at this quantum-realm scale , and so the definition shifted from a particular technological goal to a research category inclusive of all types of research and technologies that deal with the special properties of matter that occur below the given size threshold .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	It is therefore common to see the plural form `` nanotechnologies '' as well as `` nanoscale technologies '' to refer to the broad range of research and applications whose common trait is size .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Because of the variety of potential applications ( including industrial and military ) , governments have invested billions of dollars in nanotechnology research .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Through its National Nanotechnology Initiative , the USA has invested 3.7 billion dollars .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	The European Union has invested 1.2 billion and Japan 750 million dollars .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Nanotechnology as defined by size is naturally very broad , including fields of science as diverse as surface science , organic chemistry , molecular biology , semiconductor physics , microfabrication , etc .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	The associated research and applications are equally diverse , ranging from extensions of conventional device physics to completely new approaches based upon molecular self-assembly , from developing new materials with dimensions on the nanoscale to direct control of matter on the atomic scale .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Scientists currently debate the future implications of nanotechnology .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	Nanotechnology may be able to create many new materials and devices with a vast range of applications , such as in medicine , electronics , biomaterials and energy production .	1
how does nanotechnology affect health	On the other hand , nanotechnology raises many of the same issues as any new technology , including concerns about the toxicity and environmental impact of nanomaterials , and their potential effects on global economics , as well as speculation about various doomsday scenarios .	0
how does nanotechnology affect health	These concerns have led to a debate among advocacy groups and governments on whether special regulation of nanotechnology is warranted .	0
when Harry met Sally case	When Harry Met Sally ... is a 1989 American romantic comedy film written by Nora Ephron and directed by Rob Reiner .	0
when Harry met Sally case	It stars Billy Crystal as Harry and Meg Ryan as Sally .	0
when Harry met Sally case	The story follows the title characters from the time they meet just before sharing a cross-country drive , through twelve years or so of chance encounters in New York City .	0
when Harry met Sally case	The film raises the question `` Can men and women ever just be friends ? '' and advances many ideas about relationships that became household concepts , such as those of the `` '' girlfriend and the `` transitional person '' .	1
when Harry met Sally case	The origins of the film came from Reiner 's return to single life after a divorce .	0
when Harry met Sally case	An interview Ephron conducted with Reiner provided the basis for Harry .	0
when Harry met Sally case	Sally was based on Ephron and some of her friends .	0
when Harry met Sally case	Crystal came on board and made his own contributions to the screenplay , making Harry funnier .	0
when Harry met Sally case	Ephron supplied the structure of the film with much of the dialogue based on the real-life friendship between Reiner and Crystal .	0
when Harry met Sally case	The soundtrack consists of standards performed by Harry Connick , Jr. , with a big band and orchestra arranged by Marc Shaiman .	0
when Harry met Sally case	Connick won his first Grammy Award for Best Jazz Male Vocal Performance .	0
when Harry met Sally case	Columbia Pictures released the film using the `` platform '' technique , which involved opening it in a few select cities , letting positive word of mouth generate interest , and then gradually expanding distribution over subsequent weeks .	0
when Harry met Sally case	When Harry Met Sally ... grossed a total of US $ 92 .8 million in North America .	0
when Harry met Sally case	Ephron received a British Academy Film Award , an Oscar nomination , and a Writers Guild of America Award nomination for her screenplay .	0
when Harry met Sally case	The film is ranked 23rd on AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Laughs list of the top comedy films in American cinema and number 60 on Bravo 's `` 100 Funniest Movies '' .	0
when Harry met Sally case	In early 2004 , the film was adapted for the stage in a production starring Luke Perry and Alyson Hannigan .	0
what county is orono maine in	Orono is a town in Penobscot County , Maine , United States .	1
what county is orono maine in	It was first settled in 1774 and named in honor of Chief Joseph Orono of the Penobscot Nation .	0
what county is orono maine in	It is home to The University of Maine .	0
what county is orono maine in	The population was 10,362 at the 2010 census .	0
where did erisa come from	The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ( ERISA ) ( , codified in part at ) is a federal law which establishes minimum standards for pension plans in private industry and provides for extensive rules on the federal income tax effects of transactions associated with employee benefit plans .	1
where did erisa come from	ERISA was enacted to protect the interests of employee benefit plan participants and their beneficiaries by:	1
where did erisa come from	Requiring the disclosure of financial and other information concerning the plan to beneficiaries ;	0
where did erisa come from	Establishing standards of conduct for plan fiduciaries ;	0
where did erisa come from	Providing for appropriate remedies and access to the federal courts .	0
where did erisa come from	ERISA is sometimes used to refer to the full body of laws regulating employee benefit plans , which are found mainly in the Internal Revenue Code and ERISA itself .	0
where did erisa come from	Responsibility for the interpretation and enforcement of ERISA is divided among the Department of Labor , the Department of the Treasury ( particularly the Internal Revenue Service ) , and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation .	0
what are spoilers for	The Plymouth Superbird is famous for its extremely high rear wing .	0
what are spoilers for	1987 Audi Sport QuattroS1 with its large wings at Pikes Peak	0
what are spoilers for	A spoiler is an automotive aerodynamic device whose intended design function is to 'spoil ' unfavorable air movement across a body of a vehicle in motion , usually described as turbulence or drag .	0
what are spoilers for	Spoilers on the front of a vehicle are often called air dams , because in addition to directing air flow they also reduce the amount of air flowing underneath the vehicle which generally reduces aerodynamic lift and drag .	0
what are spoilers for	Spoilers are often fitted to race and high-performance sports cars , although they have become common on passenger vehicles as well .	0
what are spoilers for	Some spoilers are added to cars primarily for styling purposes and have either little aerodynamic benefit or even make the aerodynamics worse .	1
what are spoilers for	Spoilers for cars are often incorrectly confused with , or the term used interchangeably with , wings .	0
what are spoilers for	Automotive wings are devices whose intended design is to generate downforce as air passes around them , not simply disrupt existing airflow patterns .	0
who owns exxon mobil	Exxon Mobil Corporation , or ExxonMobil , is an American multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving , Texas , United States .	0
who owns exxon mobil	It is a direct descendant of John D. Rockefeller 's Standard Oil company , and was formed on November 30 , 1999 , by the merger of Exxon and Mobil .	1
who owns exxon mobil	It is affiliated with Imperial Oil which operates in Canada .	0
who owns exxon mobil	ExxonMobil is the world 's largest company by revenue and in 2013 , became the largest publicly traded company by market capitalization in the world .	0
who owns exxon mobil	The company is ranked # 5 globally in Forbes Global 2000 list in 2013 .	0
who owns exxon mobil	Exxon Mobil 's reserves were 72 billion oil-equivalent barrels at the end of 2007 and , at then ( 2007 ) rates of production , are expected to last over 14 years .	0
who owns exxon mobil	With 37 oil refineries in 21 countries constituting a combined daily refining capacity of , Exxon Mobil is the largest refiner in the world , a title that was also associated with Standard Oil since its incorporation in 1870 .	0
who owns exxon mobil	ExxonMobil is the largest of the world 's supermajors with daily production of 3.921 million BOE ( barrels of oil equivalent ) .	0
who owns exxon mobil	In 2008 , this was approximately 3 % of world production , which is less than several of the largest state-owned petroleum companies .	0
who owns exxon mobil	When ranked by oil and gas reserves it is 14th in the world with less than 1 % of the total .	0
who owns exxon mobil	A 2012 article in The Daily Telegraph says that ExxonMobil has `` grown into one of the planet’s most hated corporations , able to determine American foreign policy and the fate of entire nations '' .	0
who owns exxon mobil	In terms of its environmental record , ExxonMobil increasingly drills in terrains leased to them by dictatorships , such as those in Chad and Equatorial Guinea .	0
who owns exxon mobil	Lee Raymond , the corporation’s chief executive until 2005 , was `` notoriously sceptical about climate change and disliked government interference at any level '' .	0
who owns exxon mobil	The company was widely criticized for its slow response to cleaning its 1989 Valdez oil spill in Alaska .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Secure Digital or ( SD ) is a non-volatile memory card format for use in portable devices , such as mobile phones , digital cameras , GPS navigation devices , and tablet computers .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The Secure Digital standard is maintained by the SD Card Association ( SDA ) .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	SD technologies have been implemented in more than 400 brands across dozens of product categories and more than 8,000 models .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The Secure Digital format includes four card families available in three different form factors .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The four families are the original Standard-Capacity ( SDSC ) , the High-Capacity ( SDHC ) , the eXtended-Capacity ( SDXC ) , and the SDIO , which combines input/output functions with data storage .	1
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The three form factors are the original size , the `` mini '' size , and the `` micro '' size ( see illustration ) .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	There are many combinations of form factors and device families .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Electrically passive adapters allow the use of a smaller card in a host device built to hold a larger card .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Host devices that comply with newer versions of the specification provide backward compatibility and accept older SD cards , but this article explains several factors that can prevent the use of a newer SD card:	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	A newer card may offer greater capacity than the host device can handle .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	A newer card may use a file system the host device can not navigate .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Use of an SDIO card requires the host device be designed for the input/output functions the card provides .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The organization of the card was changed starting with the SDHC family .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	Some vendors produced SDSC cards above 1 GB before the SDA had standardized a method of doing so .	0
What does the class mean for SDHC cards ?	The SDA uses several trademarked logos to enforce compliance with its specifications and assure users of compatibility .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	William Howard Taft ( September 15 , 1857 – March 8 , 1930 ) was the 27th President of the United States ( 1909–1913 ) and later the tenth Chief Justice of the United States ( 1921–1930 ) .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	He is the only person to have served in both of these offices .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	Before becoming President , Taft , a Republican , was selected to serve on the Superior Court of Cincinnati in 1887 .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	In 1890 , Taft was appointed Solicitor General of the United States and in 1891 a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	In 1900 , President William McKinley appointed Taft Governor-General of the Philippines .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	In 1904 , President Theodore Roosevelt appointed Taft Secretary of War in an effort to groom Taft , then his close political ally , into his handpicked presidential successor .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	Taft assumed a prominent role in problem solving , assuming on some occasions the role of acting Secretary of State , while declining repeated offers from Roosevelt to serve on the Supreme Court .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	Riding a wave of popular support for fellow Republican Roosevelt , Taft won an easy victory in his 1908 bid for the presidency .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	In his only term , Taft 's domestic agenda emphasized trust-busting , civil service reform , strengthening the Interstate Commerce Commission , improving the performance of the postal service , and passage of the Sixteenth Amendment .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	Abroad , Taft sought to further the economic development of nations in Latin America and Asia through `` Dollar Diplomacy `` , and showed decisiveness and restraint in response to revolution in Mexico .	1
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	The task-oriented Taft was oblivious to the political ramifications of his decisions , often alienated his own key constituencies , and was overwhelmingly defeated in his bid for a second term in the presidential election of 1912 .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	In surveys of presidential scholars , Taft is usually ranked near the middle of lists of all American Presidents .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	After leaving office , Taft spent his time in academia , arbitration , and the search for world peace through his self-founded League to Enforce Peace .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	In 1921 , after the First World War , President Warren G. Harding appointed Taft Chief Justice of the United States .	0
What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft ?	Taft served in this capacity until shortly before his death in 1930 .	0
what is the political tea party	Tea Party protesters on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol and the National Mall at the Taxpayer March on Washington on September 12 , 2009 .	0
what is the political tea party	The Tea Party movement is an American political movement that advocates strict adherence to the United States Constitution , reducing U.S. government spending and taxes , and reduction of the U.S. national debt and federal budget deficit .	1
what is the political tea party	The movement has been called partly conservative , partly libertarian , and partly populist .	0
what is the political tea party	The movement has sponsored protests and supported political candidates since 2009 .	0
what is the political tea party	The name of the movement is derived from the Boston Tea Party of 1773 , an iconic event in American history .	0
what is the political tea party	Anti-tax protesters in the United States have often referred to the original Boston Tea Party for inspiration .	0
what is the political tea party	References to the Boston Tea Party were part of Tax Day protests held throughout the 1990s and earlier .	0
what is the political tea party	By 2001 , a custom had developed among some conservative activists of mailing tea bags to legislators and other officials as a symbolic act .	0
what is tmz stand for	TMZ is a celebrity news website that debuted on November 8 , 2005 .	0
what is tmz stand for	It was a collaboration between AOL and Telepictures Productions , a division of Warner Bros. , until Time Warner divested AOL in 2009 .	0
what is tmz stand for	However , it remained affiliated with AOL News and has the AOL News logo affixed in the upper right corner .	0
what is tmz stand for	The name TMZ stands for the historic `` studio zone `` or 30-mile zone radius from the intersection of West Beverly Boulevard and North La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles .	1
what is tmz stand for	TMZ 's managing editor is Harvey Levin , a lawyer-turned-journalist who was previously a legal expert for the Los Angeles television station KCBS-TV .	0
what is tmz stand for	The site claims that it does not pay for stories or interviews ; however , Levin has admitted that TMZ does `` sometimes pay sources for leads on stories '' .	0
what is tmz stand for	Levin has stated that `` everything is researched and vetted for accuracy . ''	0
what is tmz stand for	A companion TV series , TMZ on TV , debuted on September 10 , 2007 .	0
what is the sign for degrees	The degree symbol ( ° ) is a typographical symbol that is used , among other things , to represent degrees of arc ( e.g . in geographic coordinate systems ) , hours ( in the medical field ) , or degrees of temperature .	1
what is the sign for degrees	The symbol consists of a small raised circle , historically a zero glyph .	1
what is the sign for degrees	In Unicode it is encoded at .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The flag of Mexico ( Spanish : Bandera de México ) is a vertical tricolor of green , white , and red with the national coat of arms charged in the center of the white stripe .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	While the meaning of the colors has changed over time , these three colors were adopted by Mexico following independence from Spain during the country 's War of Independence , and subsequent First Mexican Empire .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The current flag was adopted in 1968 , but the overall design has been used since 1821 , when the First National Flag was created .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The current law of national symbols , Law on the National Arms , Flag , and Anthem , that governs the use of the national flag has been in place since 1984 .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	Red , white , and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico .	1
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The central emblem is the Aztec pictogram for Tenochtitlan ( now Mexico City ) , the center of their empire .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	It recalls the legend that inspired the Aztecs to settle on what was originally a lake-island .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The form of the coat of arms was most recently revised in 1968 .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	A ribbon in the national colors is at the bottom of the coat of arms .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	Throughout history , the flag has changed four times , as the design of the coat of arms and the length-width ratios of the flag have been modified .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	However , the coat of arms has had the same features throughout : an eagle , holding a serpent in its talon , is perched on top of a prickly pear cactus ; the cactus is situated on a rock that rises above a lake .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The coat of arms is derived from an Aztec legend that their gods told them to build a city where they spot an eagle on a nopal eating a serpent , which is now Mexico City .	0
what does the green mean on the mexican flag	The current national flag , the Fourth National Flag , is also used as the Mexican naval ensign by ships registered in Mexico .	0
who is norah jones parents	Norah Jones ( born Geetali Norah Jones Shankar ; March 30 , 1979 ) is an American singer-songwriter , pianist , and actress .	0
who is norah jones parents	She is the daughter of Indian sitar player Ravi Shankar and Sue Jones .	1
who is norah jones parents	She is also Anoushka Shankar 's half-sister .	0
who is norah jones parents	In 2002 , she launched her solo music career with the release of the commercially successful and critically acclaimed album Come Away with Me , a fusion of country music and pop with elements of jazz which was certified diamond album , selling over 26 million copies .	0
who is norah jones parents	The record earned Jones five Grammy Awards , including the Album of the Year , Record of the Year , and Best New Artist .	0
who is norah jones parents	Her subsequent studio albums , Feels Like Home , released in 2004 , Not Too Late , released in 2007 , the same year she made her film debut in My Blueberry Nights , and her 2009 release The Fall all gained Platinum status , selling over a million copies and were generally well received by critics .	0
who is norah jones parents	Jones ' fifth studio album , Little Broken Hearts , was released on April 27 , 2012 .	0
who is norah jones parents	Jones has won nine Grammy Awards and was 60th on Billboard magazine 's artists of the 2000–2009 decade chart .	0
who is norah jones parents	Throughout her career , Jones has won numerous awards and has sold more than 50 million albums worldwide .	0
who is norah jones parents	Billboard named her the top jazz artist of the 2000–2009 decade .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Psychosis ( from the Greek ψυχή `` psyche '' , for mind/soul , and -ωσις `` -osis '' , for abnormal condition or derangement ) refers to an abnormal condition of the mind , and is a generic psychiatric term for a mental state often described as involving a `` loss of contact with reality `` .	1
what is definition of psychotic	People suffering from psychosis are described as psychotic .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Psychosis is given to the more severe forms of psychiatric disorder , during which hallucinations and delusions , gross excitement or stupor and impaired insight may occur .	0
what is definition of psychotic	The term `` psychosis '' is very broad and can mean anything from relatively normal aberrant experiences through to the complex and catatonic expressions of schizophrenia and bipolar type 1 disorder .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Moreover a wide variety of central nervous system diseases , from both external substances and internal physiologic illness , can produce symptoms of psychosis .	0
what is definition of psychotic	This led many professionals to say that psychosis is not specific enough as a diagnostic term .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Despite this , `` psychosis '' is generally given to noticeable deficits in normal behavior ( negative signs ) and more commonly to diverse types of hallucinations or delusional beliefs ( e.g . grandiosity , delusions of persecution ) .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Someone exhibiting very obvious signs may be described as `` frankly psychotic '' , whereas one exhibiting very subtle signs could be classified in the category of an `` attenuated psychotic risk syndrome '' .	0
what is definition of psychotic	An excess in dopaminergic signalling is traditionally linked to the positive symptoms of psychosis , especially those of schizophrenia .	0
what is definition of psychotic	This is thought to occur through a mechanism of aberrant salience of environmental stimuli .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Many antipsychotic drugs accordingly target the dopamine system ; meta-analyses of placebo-controlled trials of these drugs , however , show either no significant difference between drug and placebo , or a very small effect size , suggesting that the pathophysiology of psychosis is much more complex than an overactive dopamine system .	0
what is definition of psychotic	People experiencing psychosis may exhibit some personality changes and thought disorder .	0
what is definition of psychotic	Depending on its severity , this may be accompanied by unusual or bizarre behavior , as well as difficulty with social interaction and impairment in carrying out daily life activities .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	Serial ATA ( SATA ) is a computer bus interface that connects host bus adapters to mass storage devices such as hard disk drives and optical drives .	1
what are SATA Power Connector	Serial ATA replaces the older AT Attachment standard ( ATA ; later referred to as Parallel ATA or PATA ) , offering several advantages over the older interface : reduced cable size and cost ( seven conductors instead of 40 ) , native hot swapping , faster data transfer through higher signalling rates , and more efficient transfer through an ( optional ) I/O queuing protocol .	1
what are SATA Power Connector	SATA host adapters and devices communicate via a high-speed serial cable over two pairs of conductors .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	In contrast , parallel ATA ( the redesignation for the legacy ATA specifications ) used a 16-bit wide data bus with many additional support and control signals , all operating at much lower frequency .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	To ensure backward compatibility with legacy ATA software and applications , SATA uses the same basic ATA and ATAPI command-set as legacy ATA devices .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	SATA has replaced parallel ATA in consumer desktop and laptop computers , and has largely replaced PATA in new embedded applications .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	SATA 's market share in the desktop PC market was 99 % in 2008 .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	PATA remains widely used in industrial and embedded applications that use CompactFlash storage , even though the new CFast standard is based on SATA .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	Serial ATA industry compatibility specifications originate from The Serial ATA International Organization ( aka .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	SATA-IO , serialata.org ) .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	The SATA-IO group collaboratively creates , reviews , ratifies , and publishes the interoperability specifications , the test cases , and plug-fests .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	As with many other industry compatibility standards , the SATA content ownership is transferred to other industry bodies : primarily the INCITS T13 subcommittee ATA , the INCITS T10 subcommittee ( SCSI ) ; a subgroup of T10 responsible for Serial Attached SCSI ( SAS ) .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	The complete specification from SATA-IO .	0
what are SATA Power Connector	The remainder of this article will try to use the terminology and specifications of SATA-IO .	0
what is sims language	Written Simlish	0
what is sims language	Simlish is a fictional language featured in EA Games ' Sim series of games .	0
what is sims language	It debuted in SimCopter , and has been especially prominent in The Sims , The Sims 2 and The Sims 3 .	0
what is sims language	The Sims development team created the unique Simlish language by experimenting with fractured Ukrainian , French , Latin , Finnish , English , Fijian , Cebuano , and Tagalog .	0
what is sims language	Simlish can also be heard in SimCity 4 , SimCity Societies and SimCity 2013 , but far less frequently .	0
what is sims language	Civilized Creatures in Spore can also be taught to speak Simlish .	0
what is sims language	It is also featured to an extent in Firaxis Games ' Sid Meier 's SimGolf .	0
what is sims language	Designer Will Wright was conscious of the need for dialogue in the game , but thought that using a real language would make it sound too repetitive and would also be too costly to hire translators for world languages .	0
what is sims language	Initially , inspired by the Native American code talkers of World War II , Sims creator Will Wright and language expert Marc Gimbel suggested experimenting with the Navajo language to create Simlish .	0
what is sims language	However , they ultimately decided that Simlish worked best as a `` language '' made up of gibberish words that could n't be translated , so that its meaning would be left open to the imagination of the player .	0
what is sims language	Wright later commented that using `` nonsense language '' turned out to be the right development choice , as people were capable of imagining it more realistically than a computer could simulate a real one .	1
what is sims language	The actual sound of Simlish was created improvisationally by voice actors Stephen Kearin and Gerri Lawlor .	0
who invented the internet	The history of the Internet began with the development of electronic computers in the 1950s .	0
who invented the internet	The public was first introduced to the concepts that would lead to the Internet when a message was sent over the ARPANet from computer science Professor Leonard Kleinrock 's laboratory at University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , after the second piece of network equipment was installed at Stanford Research Institute ( SRI ) .	1
who invented the internet	Packet switched networks such as ARPANET , Mark I at NPL in the UK , CYCLADES , Merit Network , Tymnet , and Telenet , were developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s using a variety of protocols .	0
who invented the internet	The ARPANET in particular led to the development of protocols for internetworking , in which multiple separate networks could be joined together into a network of networks .	0
who invented the internet	In 1982 , the Internet protocol suite ( TCP/IP ) was standardized , and consequently , the concept of a world-wide network of interconnected TCP/IP networks , called the Internet , was introduced .	0
who invented the internet	Access to the ARPANET was expanded in 1981 when the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) developed the Computer Science Network ( CSNET ) and again in 1986 when NSFNET provided access to supercomputer sites in the United States from research and education organizations .	0
who invented the internet	Commercial Internet service providers ( ISPs ) began to emerge in the late 1980s and early 1990s .	0
who invented the internet	The ARPANET was decommissioned in 1990 .	0
who invented the internet	The Internet was commercialized in 1995 when NSFNET was decommissioned , removing the last restrictions on the use of the Internet to carry commercial traffic .	0
who invented the internet	Since the mid-1990s , the Internet has had a revolutionary impact on culture and commerce , including the rise of near-instant communication by electronic mail , instant messaging , Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) `` phone calls '' , two-way interactive video calls , and the World Wide Web with its discussion forums , blogs , social networking , and online shopping sites .	0
who invented the internet	The research and education community continues to develop and use advanced networks such as NSF 's very high speed Backbone Network Service ( vBNS ) , Internet2 , and National LambdaRail .	0
who invented the internet	Increasing amounts of data are transmitted at higher and higher speeds over fiber optic networks operating at 1-Gbit/s , 10-Gbit/s , or more .	0
who invented the internet	The Internet 's takeover over the global communication landscape was almost instant in historical terms : it only communicated 1 % of the information flowing through two-way telecommunications networks in the year 1993 , already 51 % by 2000 , and more than 97 % of the telecommunicated information by 2007 .	0
who invented the internet	Today the Internet continues to grow , driven by ever greater amounts of online information , commerce , entertainment , and social networking .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	Alaska ( ) is a state in the United States , situated in the northwest extremity of the North American continent , with the international boundary with Canada to the east , the Arctic Ocean to the north , and the Pacific Ocean to the west and south , with Russia further west across the Bering Strait .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	Alaska is the largest state in the United States by area , the 4th least populous and the least densely populated of the 50 United States .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	Approximately half of Alaska 's 731,449 residents live within the Anchorage metropolitan area .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	Alaska 's economy is dominated by the oil , natural gas , and fishing industries ; it has these resources in abundance .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	Alaska was purchased from Russia on March 30 , 1867 , for $ 7.2 million ( $ adjusted for inflation ) at approximately two cents per acre ( $ 4.74/km2 ) .	1
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	The land went through several administrative changes before becoming an organized ( or incorporated ) territory on May 11 , 1912 , and the 49th state of the U.S. on January 3 , 1959 .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	The name `` Alaska '' ( Аляска ) was already introduced in the Russian colonial period , when it was used only for the peninsula and is derived from the Aleut alaxsxaq , meaning `` the mainland '' or , more literally , `` the object towards which the action of the sea is directed '' .	0
Who controlled Alaska before US ?	It is also known as Alyeska , the `` great land '' , an Aleut word derived from the same root .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons ( ) are a religious and cultural group related to Mormonism , the principal branch of the Latter Day Saint movement of Restorationist Christianity , which began with the visions of Joseph Smith in upstate New York during the 1820s .	1
Who Started the Mormon Church	After Smith 's death in 1844 the Mormons followed Brigham Young to what would become the Utah Territory .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Today Mormons are understood to be members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Some Mormons are also either independent or non-practicing .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	The center of Mormon cultural influence is in Utah , and North America has more Mormons than any other continent , though the majority of Mormons live outside the United States .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons have developed a strong sense of communality that stems from their doctrine and history .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	During the 19th century Mormon converts tended to gather to a central geographic location , and between 1852 and 1890 a minority of Mormons openly practiced plural marriage , a form of religious polygamy .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons dedicate large amounts of time and resources to serving in their church , and many young Mormons choose to serve a full-time proselytizing mission .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons have a health code that eschews alcoholic beverages , tobacco , coffee , tea , and other addictive substances .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	They tend to be very family-oriented , and have strong connections across generations and with extended family , reflective of their belief that families can be sealed together beyond death and throughout eternity .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons also have a strict law of chastity , requiring abstention from sexual relations outside of marriage and strict fidelity within marriage .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons self-identify as Christian , though some of their beliefs differ from mainstream Christianity .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons believe in the Bible , as well as other books of scripture , such as the Book of Mormon .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	They have a unique view of cosmology , and believe that all people are spirit-children of God .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Mormons believe that returning to God requires following the example of Jesus Christ , and accepting his atonement through ordinances such as baptism .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	They believe that Christ 's church was restored through Joseph Smith , and is guided by living prophets and apostles .	0
Who Started the Mormon Church	Central to Mormon faith is the belief that God speaks to his children and answers their prayers .	0
who won the most nba championships	Bill Russell won 11 championships with the Boston Celtics .	1
who won the most nba championships	This is a list of NBA players with most championships won as a player .	0
who won the most nba championships	The National Basketball Association ( NBA ) is a major professional basketball league in North America .	0
who won the most nba championships	It was founded in 1946 as the Basketball Association of America ( BAA ) .	0
who won the most nba championships	The league adopted its current name at the start of the when it merged with the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .	0
who won the most nba championships	The NBA Finals is the championship series for the NBA and the conclusion of the sport 's postseason .	0
who won the most nba championships	The winning team of the series receives the Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy .	0
who won the most nba championships	Players from the winning team usually receive championship rings from the team honoring their contribution .	0
who won the most nba championships	However , in some rare occasion , the teams opted to gave other commemorative items , such as wrist watches , instead of rings .	0
who won the most nba championships	The number of championships won by NBA superstars is often used as a measurement of their greatness .	0
who won the most nba championships	Boston Celtics center Bill Russell holds the record for the most NBA championships won with 11 titles during his 13-year playing career .	0
who won the most nba championships	He won his first championship with the Boston Celtics in his rookie year .	0
who won the most nba championships	Afterwards , he went on to win 10 championships in the next 12 years , including eight consecutive championships from 1959 to 1966 .	0
who won the most nba championships	He won the last two championships in 1968 and 1969 as player-coach .	0
who won the most nba championships	Russell 's teammate , Sam Jones , won 10 championships from 1959 to 1969 , the second most in NBA history .	0
who won the most nba championships	Four Celtics players , Tom Heinsohn , K. C. Jones , Satch Sanders and John Havlicek , won eight championships each .	0
who won the most nba championships	Two other Celtics , Jim Loscutoff and Frank Ramsey , won seven championships each .	0
who won the most nba championships	Four players , Bob Cousy , Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Michael Jordan and Scottie Pippen , won six championships each .	0
who won the most nba championships	Jordan and Pippen are members of the Chicago Bulls team who won three consecutive championships twice in the 1990s .	0
who won the most nba championships	Robert Horry and John Salley are the only players to have won the championships with three different teams .	0
who won the most nba championships	Horry won seven championships with the Houston Rockets , the Los Angeles Lakers and the San Antonio Spurs , while Salley won four championships with the Detroit Pistons , the Bulls and the Lakers .	0
who won the most nba championships	Frank Saul and Steve Kerr are the only players to win two championships with two different teams in consecutive seasons .	0
who won the most nba championships	Saul won consecutive championships with the Rochester Royals and the Minneapolis Lakers in the 1950s , while Kerr won consecutive championships with the Bulls and the Spurs in the 1990s,	0
what age group is generation x	Generation X , commonly abbreviated to Gen X , is the generation born after the Western post-World War II baby boom .	0
what age group is generation x	Demographers , historians and commentators use beginning birth dates from the early 1960s to the early 1980s .	1
what age group is generation x	The term was popularized by Douglas Coupland 's 1991 novel Generation X : Tales for an Accelerated Culture .	0
what age group is generation x	Before that , it had been used for various subcultures or countercultures after the 1950s .	0
when did expos become nationals	The Washington Nationals are a professional baseball team based in Washington , D.C .	0
when did expos become nationals	The Nationals are a member of the East Division of the National League of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .	0
when did expos become nationals	The team 's home ballpark is Nationals Park , located on South Capitol Street in Southeast D.C. , near the Anacostia River .	0
when did expos become nationals	The park opened in 2008 , replacing RFK Stadium , the team 's home from 2005 to 2007 .	0
when did expos become nationals	The Nationals ' name derives from the former Washington baseball team that had the same name ( used interchangeably with Senators ) .	0
when did expos become nationals	Their nickname is `` the Nats '' —a shortened version that was also used by the old D.C. teams .	0
when did expos become nationals	An expansion franchise , the club was founded in as the Montreal Expos , the first major league team in Canada .	0
when did expos become nationals	They were based in Montreal , Quebec , and played their home games at Jarry Park Stadium and later in Olympic Stadium .	0
when did expos become nationals	In , the Expos won a division championship , won their first-ever playoff series by defeating the Philadelphia Phillies , 3–2 , and advanced to the National League Championship Series , where they would go on to lose to the Los Angeles Dodgers , 3–2 , in their only postseason appearance during the strike-shortened season .	0
when did expos become nationals	The Expos had their highest winning percentage in the strike-shortened season of , when the team had the best record in baseball .	0
when did expos become nationals	The team 's subsequent shedding of players caused fan interest to drop off .	0
when did expos become nationals	After the 2001 season , MLB considered revoking the team 's franchise , along with either the Minnesota Twins or the Tampa Bay Devil Rays .	0
when did expos become nationals	After being purchased by MLB in 2002 , the team was moved before the season to Washington and renamed the Nationals , the first relocation since the second Washington Senators moved to Arlington , Texas , and became the Texas Rangers in .	1
when did expos become nationals	The Nationals are one of two MLB franchises , and the only one in the National League , that has never played in a World Series ( the Seattle Mariners are the other ) .	0
who can file suspicious activity report	In United States financial regulation , a suspicious activity report ( or SAR ) is a report made by a financial institution to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ( FinCEN ) , an agency of the United States Department of the Treasury , regarding suspicious or potentially suspicious activity .	1
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Barry Louis Larkin ( born April 28 , 1964 ) is a retired Major League Baseball player .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Larkin played shortstop for the Cincinnati Reds from 1986 to 2004 and was one of the pivotal players on the 1990 Reds ' World Series championship team .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Larkin was elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame in January 2012 and was inducted on July 22 .	0
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	Larkin is considered one of the top players of his era , winning nine Silver Slugger awards and three Gold Glove awards .	1
how many gold gloves does barry larkin have	He was selected to the Major League All-Star Game twelve times , and was elected the 1995 National League Most Valuable Player .	0
when did egg mcmuffin get invented	The McMuffin is a family of breakfast sandwiches in various sizes and configurations , sold by the fast-food restaurant chain McDonald 's .	0
when did egg mcmuffin get invented	The Egg McMuffin is the signature breakfast sandwich ; it was invented by the late McDonald 's franchisee Herb Peterson in the late 1960s and was introduced nationwide in 1972 .	1
how did mohammed gandhi die	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi ( ; 2 October 1869 – 30 January 1948 ) , commonly known as Mahatma Gandhi , was the preeminent leader of Indian nationalism in British-ruled India .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Employing non-violent civil disobedience , Gandhi led India to independence and inspired movements for non-violence , civil rights and freedom across the world .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	The son of a senior government official , Gandhi was born and raised in a Hindu Bania community in coastal Gujarat , and trained in law in London .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi became famous by fighting for the civil rights of Muslim and Hindu Indians in South Africa , using new techniques of non-violent civil disobedience that he developed .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Returning to India in 1915 , he set about organising peasants to protest excessive land-taxes .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	A lifelong opponent of `` communalism `` ( i.e . basing politics on religion ) he reached out widely to all religious groups .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He became a leader of Muslims protesting the declining status of the Caliphate .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Assuming leadership of the Indian National Congress in 1921 , Gandhi led nationwide campaigns for easing poverty , expanding women 's rights , building religious and ethnic amity , ending untouchability , increasing economic self-reliance , and above all for achieving Swaraj —the independence of India from British domination .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi led Indians in protesting the national salt tax with the Dandi Salt March in 1930 , and later in demanding the British to immediately Quit India in 1942 , during World War II .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He was imprisoned for that and for numerous other political offenses over the years .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi sought to practice non-violence and truth in all situations , and advocated that others do the same .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He saw the villages as the core of the true India and promoted self-sufficiency ; he did not support the industrialization programs of his disciple Jawaharlal Nehru .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He lived modestly in a self-sufficient residential community and wore the traditional Indian dhoti and shawl , woven with yarn he had hand spun on a charkha .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	His chief political enemy in Britain was Winston Churchill , who ridiculed him as a `` half-naked fakir . ''	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He was a dedicated vegetarian , and undertook long fasts as means of both self-purification and political mobilization .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	In his last year , unhappy at the partition of India , Gandhi worked to stop the carnage between Muslims , Hindus and Sikhs that raged in the border area between India and Pakistan .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He was assassinated on 30 January 1948 by Nathuram Godse who thought Gandhi was too sympathetic to India 's Muslims .	1
how did mohammed gandhi die	30 January is observed as Martyrs ' Day in India .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	The honorific Mahatma ( `` Great Soul '' ) was applied to him by 1914 .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	In India he was also called Bapu ( `` Father '' ) .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	He is known in India as the Father of the Nation ; his birthday , 2 October , is commemorated there as Gandhi Jayanti , a national holiday , and world-wide as the International Day of Non-Violence .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Gandhi 's philosophy was not theoretical but one of pragmatism , that is , practicing his principles in the moment .	0
how did mohammed gandhi die	Asked to give a message to the people , he would respond , `` My life is my message . ''	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	Beowulf ( ; in Old English or ) is the conventional title of an Old English heroic epic poem consisting of 3182 alliterative long lines , set in Scandinavia , commonly cited as one of the most important works of Anglo-Saxon literature .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	It survives in a single manuscript known as the Nowell Codex .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	Its composition by an anonymous Anglo-Saxon poet is dated between the 8th and the early 11th century .	1
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	In 1731 , the manuscript was badly damaged by a fire that swept through a building housing a collection of Medieval manuscripts assembled by Sir Robert Bruce Cotton .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	The poem fell into obscurity for decades , and its existence did not become widely known again until it was printed in 1815 in an edition prepared by the Icelandic-Danish scholar Grímur Jónsson Thorkelin .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	In the poem , Beowulf , a hero of the Geats in Scandinavia , comes to the help of Hroðgar , the king of the Danes , whose mead hall ( in Heorot ) has been under attack by a monster known as Grendel .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	After Beowulf slays him , Grendel 's mother attacks the hall and is then also defeated .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	Victorious , Beowulf goes home to Geatland in Sweden and later becomes king of the Geats .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	After a period of fifty years has passed , Beowulf defeats a dragon , but is fatally wounded in the battle .	0
who is the writer of the beowulf poem ?	After his death , his attendants bury him in a tumulus , a burial mound , in Geatland .	0
what country is dubai in	Dubai ( ; ' , ) is a city in the United Arab Emirates , located within the emirate of the same name .	1
what country is dubai in	The emirate of Dubai is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf on the Arabian Peninsula and is one of the seven emirates that make up the country .	0
what country is dubai in	It has the largest population in the UAE ( 2,106,177 ) and the second-largest land territory by area ( 4,114 km2 ) after Abu Dhabi .	0
what country is dubai in	Dubai and Abu Dhabi , the national capital , are the only two emirates to have veto power over critical matters of national importance in the country 's legislature .	0
what country is dubai in	The city of Dubai is located on the emirate 's northern coastline and heads up the Dubai-Sharjah-Ajman metropolitan area .	0
what country is dubai in	Dubai is nowadays often misperceived as a country or city-state and , in some cases , the UAE as a whole has been described as 'Dubai ' .	0
what country is dubai in	The earliest mention of Dubai is in 1095 AD , and the earliest recorded settlement in the region dates from 1799 .	0
what country is dubai in	The Sheikhdom of Dubai was formally established in 1833 by Sheikh Maktoum bin Butti Al-Maktoum when he persuaded around 800 members of his tribe of the Bani Yas , living in what was then the Second Saudi State and now part of Saudi Arabia , to follow him to the Dubai Creek by the Abu Falasa clan of the Bani Yas .	0
what country is dubai in	It remained under the tribe 's control when the United Kingdom assumed protection of the Sheikhdom in 1892 and joined the nascent United Arab Emirates upon independence in 1971 as the country 's second emirate .	0
what country is dubai in	Its strategic geographic location made the town an important trading hub and by the beginning of the 20th century , Dubai was already an important regional port .	0
what country is dubai in	Today , Dubai has emerged as a cosmopolitan metropolis that has grown steadily to become a global city and a business and cultural hub of the Middle East and the Persian Gulf region .	0
what country is dubai in	Although Dubai 's economy was historically built on the oil industry , the emirate 's Western-style model of business drives its economy with the main revenues now coming from tourism , real estate , and financial services .	0
what country is dubai in	Dubai has recently attracted world attention through many innovative large construction projects and sports events .	0
what country is dubai in	The city has become symbolic for its skyscrapers and high-rise buildings , such as the world 's tallest Burj Khalifa , in addition to ambitious development projects including man-made islands , hotels , and some of the largest shopping malls in the region and the world .	0
what country is dubai in	This increased attention has also highlighted labor and human rights issues concerning the city 's largely South Asian paid workforce .	0
what country is dubai in	Dubai 's property market experienced a major deterioration in 2008–2009 as a result of the worldwide economic downturn following the financial crisis of 2007-2008 .	0
what country is dubai in	However , Dubai has made a steady and gradual recovery with help coming from neighboring emirates .	0
what country is dubai in	The handful of new projects that are in the pipeline have been able to help Dubai real estate make a comeback .	0
what country is dubai in	As of 2012 , Dubai is the 22nd most expensive city in the world , and the most expensive city in the Middle East , surpassing Israel 's Tel Aviv ( 31st ) .	0
what country is dubai in	Dubai has also been rated as one of the best places to live in the Middle East , including by US American global consulting firm Mercer who rated the city as the best place to live in the Middle East in 2011 .	0
what country are bongo drums from ?	Bongos ( Spanish : bongó ) are an Afro-Cuban percussion instrument .	1
what country are bongo drums from ?	The drums are of different size : the larger drum is called in Spanish the hembra ( female ) and the smaller the macho ( male ) .	0
what country are bongo drums from ?	They are membranophones , or instruments that create sound by a vibration of a stretched membrane .	0
how many qfc stores are there	Quality Food Centers ( QFC ) is a supermarket chain based in Bellevue , Washington , with 64 stores in the Puget Sound region of Washington state and in the Portland , Oregon metropolitan area .	1
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Grey 's Anatomy is an American television medical drama that premiered on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) , as a mid-season replacement on March 27 , 2005 .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	The series has aired nine seasons , and focuses on the fictional lives of surgical interns and residents as they gradually evolve into seasoned doctors , while trying to maintain personal lives .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	The show 's premise originated with Shonda Rhimes , who serves as an executive producer , along with Betsy Beers , Mark Gordon , Krista Vernoff , Rob Corn , Mark Wilding , and Allan Heinberg .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	The series was created to be racially diverse , utilizing a color-blind casting technique .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	It is primarily filmed in Los Angeles , California .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	The series ' protagonist is Dr. Meredith Grey ( Ellen Pompeo ) , who originally is accepted into the residency program at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Meredith is assigned to work under Dr. Miranda Bailey ( Chandra Wilson ) , along with Dr. Cristina Yang ( Sandra Oh ) , Dr. George O'Malley ( T. R. Knight ) , Dr. Izzie Stevens ( Katherine Heigl ) , and Dr. Alex Karev ( Justin Chambers ) .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Following O'Malley 's death and Stevens ' departure , the hospital 's merger with Mercy West brings in Dr. Jackson Avery ( Jesse Williams ) and Dr. April Kepner ( Sarah Drew ) , in the sixth season .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	The surgical wing is primarily supervised by Dr. Richard Webber ( James Pickens , Jr. ) , who is eventually replaced by Dr. Derek Shepherd ( Patrick Dempsey ) , and later Dr. Owen Hunt ( Kevin McKidd ) .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Dr. Preston Burke ( Isaiah Washington ) departs at the conclusion of the third season , and is replaced by Dr. Erica Hahn ( Brooke Smith ) , who leaves the show during the fifth season , and later Dr. Teddy Altman ( Kim Raver ) , who departs at the end of the eighth season .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Introduced in the second season is Dr. Addison Montgomery ( Kate Walsh ) , who leaves the show at the end of the third season , in order to launch her own spin-off medical drama Private Practice .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Dr. Callie Torres ( Sara Ramirez ) and Dr. Mark Sloan ( Eric Dane ) also enter the show in the second season , while the latter dies in the premiere of the ninth season .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Meredith 's half-sister , Dr. Lexie Grey ( Chyler Leigh ) , appears from season three and dies at the end of season eight .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Dr. Arizona Robbins ( Jessica Capshaw ) is given series regular status at the beginning of the sixth season .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Grey 's Anatomy is the highest-rated drama in the key 18–49 demographic .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Previously among the overall top-ten rated shows in the United States , Grey 's Anatomy has been well received by critics .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	Considered an impact on culture , the series has received numerous awards , and has also been included in various critics ' top ten lists .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	The show has produced several specials , as well as distributed all seasons to DVD , and released a collection of merchandise .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	In 2012 , Grey 's Anatomy was named the fifth-highest revenue earning show , in terms of advertising per half-hour .	0
how many seasons of grey 's anatomy are there	On May 11 , 2012 , the series was renewed for a ninth season , which premiered on September 27 , 2012 .	1
what measurement is a furlong	A furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and U.S. customary units equal to one-eighth of a mile , equivalent to 220 yards , 660 feet , 40 rods , or 10 chains .	1
what measurement is a furlong	The exact value of the furlong varies slightly among English-speaking countries .	0
what measurement is a furlong	Five furlongs are approximately 1 kilometre ( 1.0058 km is a closer approximation ) .	0
what measurement is a furlong	Since the original definition of the metre was one-quarter of one ten-millionth of the circumference of the Earth ( along the great circle coincident with the meridian of longitude passing through Paris ) , the circumference of the Earth is about 40,000 km or about 200,000 furlongs .	0
when does a demand curve shift ?	An example of a demand curve shifting .	0
when does a demand curve shift ?	The shift from D1 To D2 means an increase in demand with consequences for the other variables	0
when does a demand curve shift ?	In economics , the demand curve is the graph depicting the relationship between the price of a certain commodity and the amount of it that consumers are willing and able to purchase at that given price .	1
when does a demand curve shift ?	It is a graphic representation of a demand schedule .	0
when does a demand curve shift ?	The demand curve for all consumers together follows from the demand curve of every individual consumer : the individual demands at each price are added together .	0
when does a demand curve shift ?	Demand curves are used to estimate behaviors in competitive markets , and are often combined with supply curves to estimate the equilibrium price ( the price at which sellers together are willing to sell the same amount as buyers together are willing to buy , also known as market clearing price ) and the equilibrium quantity ( the amount of that good or service that will be produced and bought without surplus/excess supply or shortage/excess demand ) of that market .	0
when does a demand curve shift ?	In a monopolistic market , the demand curve facing the monopolist is simply the market demand curve .	0
what is blood urea	The liver produces urea in the urea cycle as a waste product of the digestion of protein .	1
what is blood urea	Normal human adult blood should contain between 7 to 21 mg of urea nitrogen per 100 ml ( 7–21 mg/ dL ) of blood .	1
what is blood urea	Individual laboratories may have different reference ranges , and this is because the procedure may vary .	0
who played guitar on the kiss album , creatures of the night	Creatures of the Night is the tenth studio album by Kiss .	0
who played guitar on the kiss album , creatures of the night	It is the band 's last album for Casablanca Records , the only label the group had ever recorded for at that point .	0
who played guitar on the kiss album , creatures of the night	The album was dedicated to the memory of Casablanca founder and early Kiss supporter Neil Bogart , who had died of cancer during the recording sessions .	0
who played guitar on the kiss album , creatures of the night	It is also the band 's last album recorded with Ace Frehley credited as an official member ( until 1998 's Psycho Circus ) , and its first album with Vinnie Vincent as the initially uncredited lead guitarist ( Vincent would later be credited , but not featured pictorially on the cover , of 1985 's reissue of the album ) .	1
what is impingement of the shoulder	Shoulder impingement syndrome , also called painful arc syndrome , supraspinatus syndrome , swimmer 's shoulder , and thrower 's shoulder , is a clinical syndrome which occurs when the tendons of the rotator cuff muscles become irritated and inflamed as they pass through the subacromial space , the passage beneath the acromion .	1
what is impingement of the shoulder	This can result in pain , weakness and loss of movement at the shoulder .	0
what is middle class in the us	The American middle class is a social class in the United States .	1
what is middle class in the us	While the concept is typically ambiguous in popular opinion and common language use , contemporary social scientists have put forward several , more or less congruent , theories on the American middle class .	0
what is middle class in the us	Depending on class model used , the middle class may constitute anywhere from 25 % to 66 % of households .	1
what is middle class in the us	One of the first major studies of the middle class in America was White Collar : The American Middle Classes , published in 1951 by sociologist C. Wright Wright_Mills Mills Wright_Mills .	0
what is middle class in the us	Later sociologists such as Dennis Gilbert of Hamilton College commonly divide the middle class into two sub-groups .	0
what is middle class in the us	Constituting roughly 15 % to 20 % of households is the upper or professional middle class consisting of highly educated , salaried professionals and managers .	1
what is middle class in the us	Constituting roughly one third of households is the lower middle class consisting mostly of semi-professionals , skilled craftsmen and lower-level management .	0
what is middle class in the us	Middle-class persons commonly have a comfortable standard of living , significant economic security , considerable work autonomy and rely on their expertise to sustain themselves .	0
what is middle class in the us	Members of the middle class belong to diverse groups which overlap with each other .	0
what is middle class in the us	Overall , middle-class persons , especially upper-middle-class individuals , are characterized by conceptualizing , creating and consulting .	0
what is middle class in the us	Thus , college education is one of the main indicators of middle-class status .	0
what is middle class in the us	Largely attributed to the nature of middle-class occupations , middle class values tend to emphasize independence , adherence to intrinsic standards , valuing innovation and respecting non-conformity .	0
what is middle class in the us	Politically more active than other demographics , college educated middle class professionals are split between the two major parties .	0
what is middle class in the us	Income varies considerably from near the national median to well in excess of $ 100,000 .	0
what is middle class in the us	Household income figures , however , do not always reflect class status and standard of living , as they are largely influenced by the number of income earners and fail to recognize household size .	0
what is middle class in the us	It is therefore possible for a large , dual-earner , lower middle class household to out-earn a small , one-earner , upper middle class household .	0
what is middle class in the us	The middle classes are very influential , as they encompass the majority of voters , writers , teachers , journalists , and editors .	0
what is middle class in the us	Most societal trends in the US originate within the middle classes .	0
what is renaissance english	Young Man Among Roses , portrait miniature by Nicholas Hilliard , 1588 , V & A .	0
what is renaissance english	Believed to be the Earl of Essex	0
what is renaissance english	The Ditchley Portrait of Elizabeth I by the foreign Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger , c.1592	0
what is renaissance english	The English Renaissance was a cultural and artistic movement in England dating from the late 15th and early 16th centuries to the early 17th century .	1
what is renaissance english	It is associated with the pan-European Renaissance that is usually regarded as beginning in Italy in the late 14th century .	0
what is renaissance english	Like most of northern Europe , England saw little of these developments until more than a century later .	0
what is renaissance english	The beginning of the English Renaissance is often taken , as a convenience , to be 1485 , when the Battle of Bosworth Field ended the Wars of the Roses and inaugurated the Tudor Dynasty .	0
what is renaissance english	Renaissance style and ideas , however , were slow in penetrating England , and the Elizabethan era in the second half of the 16th century is usually regarded as the height of the English Renaissance .	0
What kind of poem is `` This is Just to Say ''	`` This Is Just To Say '' ( 1934 ) is a famous imagist poem by William Carlos Williams .	1
what is a redshirt freshman football player	In United States college athletics , redshirt is a delay or suspension of an athlete 's participation in order to lengthen his or her period of eligibility .	1
what is a redshirt freshman football player	Typically , a student 's athletic eligibility in a given sport is four seasons , a number derived from the four years of academic classes that are normally required to obtain a bachelor 's degree at an American college or university .	0
what is a redshirt freshman football player	However , a student athlete may be offered the opportunity to redshirt for up to two years , which allows the athlete to spread those four years of eligibility over five , or sometimes six years .	0
what is a redshirt freshman football player	In a redshirt year , a student athlete may attend classes at the college or university , practice with an athletic team , and dress for play but he or she may not compete during the game .	0
what is a redshirt freshman football player	Using this mechanism , a student athlete has up to five academic years to use the four years of eligibility , thus becoming a fifth-year senior .	0
what is a redshirt freshman football player	The term is used as a verb , noun , and adjective .	0
what is a redshirt freshman football player	For example , a coach may choose to redshirt a player who is then referred to as a redshirt freshman or simply a redshirt .	0
what is a redshirt freshman football player	The opposite of this is a `` true freshman . ''	0
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	Fibre Channel Host Bus Adapter ( 64-bit PCI-X card )	0
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	SCSI Host Bus Adapter ( 16-bit ISA card )	0
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	In computer hardware , a host controller , host adapter , or host bus adapter ( HBA ) connects a host system ( the computer ) to other network and storage devices .	1
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	The terms are primarily used to refer to devices for connecting SCSI , Fibre Channel and eSATA devices .	0
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	However , devices for connecting to IDE , Ethernet , FireWire , USB and other systems may also be called host adapters .	0
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	Recently , the advent of iSCSI and Fibre Channel over Ethernet has brought about Ethernet HBAs , which are different from Ethernet NICs in that they include TCP Offload Engines .	0
what is a bus adapter in a computer ?	There are also converged HBAs that support both Ethernet and Fibre Channel called Converged Network Adapters ( CNAs ) .	0
what state is area code 419	North American telephone area codes 419 and 567 serve the northwest quadrant of the U.S. state of Ohio .	1
what state is area code 419	The largest city served by these area codes is Toledo ( and its suburbs of Holland , Maumee , Northwood , Oregon , Ottawa Hills , Perrysburg , Rossford , Sylvania , Swanton , Waterville , and Whitehouse ) .	0
what state is area code 419	Other cities served by these area codes include Ada , Ashland , Bellevue , Bluffton , Bowling Green , Bryan , Bucyrus , Celina , Clyde , Crestline , Defiance , Delphos , Edison , Erastus , Findlay , Fostoria , Fremont , Galion , Kenton , Lima , Mansfield , Mount Gilead , Napoleon , Norwalk , Oak Harbor , Port Clinton , Sandusky , Shelby , St. Marys , Tiffin , Upper Sandusky , Van Wert , Wapakoneta , Wauseon , Willard .	0
what state is area code 419	Other areas served include the Lake Erie Islands north of Port Clinton and west of Sandusky .	0
what state is area code 419	The main area code , 419 , was created as one of the original area codes in October 1947 ; the overlay area code 567 was created on January 1 , 2002 .	0
what state is area code 419	Despite the presence of Toledo , the state 's fourth-largest city , 419 was the last of Ohio 's original four area codes to have been split or overlaid .	0
who is the mayor of chicago 2011	The city of Chicago , Illinois held a nonpartisan mayoral election on Tuesday , February 22 , 2011 .	0
who is the mayor of chicago 2011	Incumbent Mayor Richard M. Daley , a member of the Democratic Party who had been in office since 1989 , did not seek a seventh term as mayor .	0
who is the mayor of chicago 2011	Candidates needed to collect 12,500 petition signatures by November 22 , 2010 to qualify for a place on the ballot .	0
who is the mayor of chicago 2011	April 5 , 2011 was scheduled to be a runoff election date if no candidate received an absolute majority .	0
who is the mayor of chicago 2011	Rahm Emanuel won the race for mayor with more than 55 % of the vote .	1
who is the mayor of chicago 2011	He was inaugurated on May 16 , 2011 .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	The large intestine ( or bowel , colon ) is the last part of the digestive system in vertebrate animals .	1
what is another name for the large intestine	Its function is to absorb water from the remaining indigestible food matter , and then to pass useless waste material from the body .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	This article is primarily about the human gut , though the information about its processes are directly applicable to most mammals .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	The large intestine consists of the cecum , rectum and anal canal .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	It starts in the right iliac region of the pelvis , just at or below the right waist , where it is joined to the bottom end of the small intestine .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	From here it continues up the abdomen , then across the width of the abdominal cavity , and then it turns down , continuing to its endpoint at the anus .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	The large intestine is about long , which is about one-fifth of the whole length of the intestinal canal .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	In Terminologia Anatomica the large intestine includes the cecum , colon , rectum , and anal canal .	0
what is another name for the large intestine	However , some sources exclude the anal canal .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Labor unions are legally recognized as representatives of workers in many industries in the United States .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Their activity today centers on collective bargaining over wages , benefits , and working conditions for their membership , and on representing their members in disputes with management over violations of contract provisions .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Larger unions also typically engage in lobbying activities and electioneering at the state and federal level .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Most unions in America are aligned with one of two larger umbrella organizations : the AFL-CIO created in 1955 , and the Change to Win Federation which split from the AFL-CIO in 2005 .	1
when was the american labor union formed	Both advocate policies and legislation on behalf of workers in the United States and Canada , and take an active role in politics .	0
when was the american labor union formed	The AFL-CIO is especially concerned with global trade issues .	0
when was the american labor union formed	In 2010 , the percentage of workers belonging to a union in the United States ( or total labor union `` density '' ) was 11.4 % , compared to 18.4 % in Germany , 27.5 % in Canada , and 70 % in Finland .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Union membership in the private sector has fallen under 7 % — levels not seen since 1932 .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Unions allege that employer-incited opposition has contributed to this decline in membership .	0
when was the american labor union formed	The most prominent unions are among public sector employees such as teachers and police .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Members of unions are disproportionately older , male and residents of the Northeast , the Midwest , and California .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Union workers average 10-30 % higher pay than non-union in America after controlling for individual , job , and labor market characteristics .	0
when was the american labor union formed	Although much smaller compared to their peak membership in the 1950s , American unions remain a prominent political factor , both through mobilization of their own memberships and through coalitions with like-minded activist organizations around issues such as immigrant rights , trade policy , health care , and living wage campaigns .	0
when was the american labor union formed	To fight alleged employer anti-union programs , unions are currently advocating new `` card check `` federal legislation that would require employers to bargain with a union if more than 50 % of workers signed forms , or `` cards , '' stating they wish to be represented by that union .	0
when was the american labor union formed	The current procedure involves waiting 45 to 90 days for a federally supervised secret-ballot employee referendum on the subject .	0
when was the american labor union formed	The economist Joseph Stiglitz has asserted that , `` Strong unions have helped to reduce inequality , whereas weaker unions have made it easier for CEOs , sometimes working with market forces that they have helped shape , to increase it . ''	0
when was the american labor union formed	The decline in unionization since WWII in the United States has been associated with a pronounced rise in income and wealth inequality .	0
where is kos from ?	Kevin Brereton ( born February 20 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name k-os ( ; `` chaos '' ) , is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer .	1
where is kos from ?	His given name may also be cited as Kheaven , a spelling he later adopted .	0
where is kos from ?	The alias `` k-os '' , spelled with a lower case `` k '' , was intended to be less aggressive than the pseudonyms of other rappers whose names were all upper case , such as KRS-One .	0
where is kos from ?	It is an acronym for `` Knowledge of Self , '' although in a later interview he said that it originally stood for `` Kevin 's Original Sound . '' k-os ' music incorporates a wide variety of music genres , including rap , funk , rock , and reggae .	0
where is kos from ?	The lyrics frequently focus on promoting a `` positive message '' while at times expressing criticism of mainstream hip hop culture 's obsession with money , fame and glorification of violence .	0
where is kos from ?	A musician as well as a producer , k-os has written and produced nearly every part of all four of his albums .	0
where is kos from ?	k-os usually performs with a live band , something that is uncommon in the hip hop genre .	0
where is kos from ?	He sometimes plays guitar and keyboard both during live performances and in the studio .	0
where is kos from ?	k-os received his first musical exposure with the single `` Musical Essence '' , released in 1993 .	0
where is kos from ?	After the release of his second single `` Rise Like the Sun '' in 1996 , he withdrew from the industry because he was dissatisfied with his musical style .	0
where is kos from ?	He reappeared briefly in 1999 and released his debut album Exit in 2002 .	0
where is kos from ?	The album received positive reviews but sold relatively few copies .	0
where is kos from ?	He released his second album Joyful Rebellion in 2004 , which received platinum status in Canada .	0
where is kos from ?	A third album , , was released in 2006 and also went platinum .	0
where is kos from ?	His fourth album , Yes !	0
where is kos from ?	, was released in 2009 .	0
where is kos from ?	His fifth album BLack on BLonde was released in 2013 .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	The Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) is a federal freedom of information law that allows for the full or partial disclosure of previously unreleased information and documents controlled by the United States government .	1
what does the FOIA apply to	The Act defines agency records subject to disclosure , outlines mandatory disclosure procedures and grants nine exemptions to the statute .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	It was originally signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson , despite his misgivings , on July 4 , 1966 as and went into effect the following year .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	The Federal Government 's Freedom of Information Act should not be confused with the different and varying Freedom of Information Acts passed by the individual states .	0
what does the FOIA apply to	Many of those state acts may be similar but not identical to the federal act .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Saddle Creek Records is an American record label based in Omaha , Nebraska .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Started as a college class project on entrepreneurship , the label was founded by Mike Mogis and Justin Oberst in 1993 ( as Lumberjack Records ) .	1
when was Saddle Creek founded	Mogis soon turned over his role in the company to Robb Nansel .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	The label is named after Saddle Creek Road , a street that cuts through the east side of midtown Omaha , and the beginnings of a scene whose members included Conor Oberst ( then a solo artist , currently of Bright Eyes , Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band , Desaparecidos and Monsters of Folk ) , Tim Kasher ( then of Slowdown Virginia , currently of Cursive and The Good Life ) , and others .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Collectively , they were known unofficially as the `` Creekers '' .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Saddle Creek first appeared in print on a show flyer , offering to `` Spend an evening with Saddle Creek '' ( later to be the title of the label 's DVD . )	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Saddle Creek became an incorporated entity as a result of a class project on entrepreneurship .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Distribution is handled by the Alternative Distribution Alliance , which is under the Warner Music Group umbrella .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Saddle Creek Records continues to be the flagship label of a style of music called `` The Omaha Sound `` , characterized by a slight country twang .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	This is increasingly inaccurate , though , with the rise of more electronic sounds such as those favored by The Faint and Broken Spindles .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	The eclectic sounds of Saddle Creek 's disparate member bands is somewhat explained by their history ; a number of the original members of the label attended grade school together .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	A `` sister label '' , of sorts , to Saddle Creek is Team Love , started by Conor Oberst in 2004 .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	The label opened arms to their first bands not based in Omaha in 2001 with releases by Now It 's Overhead and Sorry About Dresden .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	Other non-Nebraskan artists followed , including Los Angeles 's Rilo Kiley , Eric Bachmann ( formerly leader of Archers of Loaf and Crooked Fingers from North Carolina ) , Georgie James ( Washington D.C. ) , Two Gallants ( San Francisco ) , and most recently Tokyo Police Club ( Toronto ) .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	In 2005 , Spend an Evening with Saddle Creek , a documentary detailing the first ten years of the record label 's history , was released .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	The DVD features extensive interviews with the Saddle Creek bands , archival footage , and rare live performances .	0
when was Saddle Creek founded	On June 8 , 2007 , the label opened their own music venue named Slowdown ( after the group Slowdown Virginia ) , located in downtown Omaha , Nebraska .	0
what is eic earned income credit	The United States federal earned income tax credit or earned income credit ( EITC or EIC ) is a refundable tax credit for low- and medium-income individuals and couples , primarily for those who have qualifying children .	1
what is eic earned income credit	When the credit exceeds the amount of taxes owed , it results in a tax refund to those who claim the credit .	0
what is eic earned income credit	This credit is provided to offset the burden of social security taxes and also to promote an incentive to work .	0
what is eic earned income credit	In order for a person or couple to claim one or more persons as their qualifying child ( ren ) , the age , relationship , and shared residency requirements must be met , as well as some other requirements .	0
what is eic earned income credit	U.S. tax forms 1040EZ , 1040A , or 1040 can be used to claim EIC without qualifying children .	0
what is eic earned income credit	To claim the credit with qualifying children , 1040A or 1040 must be used , as well as attaching Schedule EIC .	0
what is eic earned income credit	EIC phases in slowly , has a medium-length plateau , and then phases out more slowly than it phased in .	0
what is eic earned income credit	Since the credit phases out at 21 % ( for two children and for three or more qualilfying children ) or 16 % ( for one qualifying child ) , it is always preferable to have one more dollar of actual salary or wages ( although technically , since the EIC table moves by fifty dollar increments , it 's always preferable to have an extra fifty-dollar increment of salary or wages ) .	0
what is eic earned income credit	For tax year 2011 , the maximum EIC for a single person or couple filing without qualifying children was $ 464 .	0
what is eic earned income credit	The maximum EIC with one qualifying child was $ 3,094 , with two children was $ 5,112 , and with three or more qualifying children was $ 5,751 .	0
what is eic earned income credit	These amounts are indexed annually for inflation .	0
what is eic earned income credit	The earned income tax credit has been part of political debates in the United States regarding whether raising the minimum wage or increasing EIC will better address a seeming shortage of good-paying jobs .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	Lysergic acid diethylamide , abbreviated LSD or LSD-25 , also known as lysergide ( INN ) and colloquially as acid , is a semisynthetic psychedelic drug of the ergoline family , well known for its psychological effects which can include altered thinking processes , closed and open eye visuals , synesthesia , an altered sense of time and spiritual experiences , as well as for its key role in 1960s counterculture .	1
how does lsd impact the human body	It is used mainly as an entheogen , recreational drug , and as an agent in psychedelic therapy .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is non-addictive , is not known to cause brain damage , and has extremely low toxicity relative to dose .	1
how does lsd impact the human body	However , adverse psychiatric reactions such as anxiety , paranoia , and delusions are possible .	1
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD was first synthesized by Albert Hofmann in 1938 from ergotamine , a chemical derived by Arthur Stoll from ergot , a grain fungus that typically grows on rye .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	The short form `` LSD '' comes from its early code name LSD-25 , which is an abbreviation for the German `` Lysergsäure-diethylamid '' followed by a sequential number .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is sensitive to oxygen , ultraviolet light , and chlorine , especially in solution , though its potency may last for years if it is stored away from light and moisture at low temperature .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	In pure form it is a colorless , odorless , tasteless solid .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is typically delivered orally , usually on a substrate such as absorbent blotter paper , a sugar cube , or gelatin .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	In its liquid form , it can also be administered by intramuscular or intravenous injection .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	LSD is very potent , with 20–30 μg ( micrograms ) being the threshold dose .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	New experiments with LSD started in 2009 for the first time in 40 years .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	Introduced by Sandoz Laboratories , with trade-name Delysid , as a drug with various psychiatric uses in 1947 , LSD quickly became a therapeutic agent that appeared to show great promise .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	In the 1950s , officials at the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) thought the drug might be applicable to mind control and chemical warfare ; the agency 's MKULTRA research program propagated the drug among young servicemen and students .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	The subsequent recreational use of the drug by youth culture in the Western world during the 1960s led to a political firestorm that resulted in its prohibition .	0
how does lsd impact the human body	Currently , a number of organizations—including the Beckley Foundation , MAPS , Heffter Research Institute and the Albert Hofmann Foundation—exist to fund , encourage and coordinate research into the medicinal and spiritual uses of LSD and related psychedelics .	0
where is the chupacabra found	The Chupacabra or Chupacabras ( , from chupar `` to suck '' and cabra `` goat '' , literally `` goat sucker '' ) is a legendary cryptid rumored to inhabit parts of the Americas .	1
where is the chupacabra found	It is associated more recently with sightings of an allegedly unknown animal in Puerto Rico ( where these sightings were first reported ) , Mexico , and the United States , especially in the latter 's Latin American communities .	0
where is the chupacabra found	The name comes from the animal 's reported habit of attacking and drinking the blood of livestock , especially goats .	0
where is the chupacabra found	Physical descriptions of the creature vary .	0
where is the chupacabra found	Eyewitness sightings have been claimed as early as 1995 in Puerto Rico , and have since been reported as far north as Maine , and as far south as Chile , and even being spotted outside the Americas in countries like Russia and The Philippines .	0
where is the chupacabra found	It is supposedly a heavy creature , the size of a small bear , with a row of spines reaching from the neck to the base of the tail .	0
where is the chupacabra found	Sighting reports of the Chupacabra have been disregarded as uncorroborated or lacking evidence , while most reports in northern Mexico and the southern United States have been verified as canids afflicted by mange .	0
where is the chupacabra found	Biologists and wildlife management officials view the chupacabra as a contemporary legend .	0
who created facebook	Facebook on the Ad-tech 2010	0
who created facebook	Facebook is an online social networking service , whose name stems from the colloquial name for the book given to students at the start of the academic year by some university administrations in the United States to help students get to know each other .	0
who created facebook	It was founded in February 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow Harvard University students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes .	1
who created facebook	The website 's membership was initially limited by the founders to Harvard students , but was expanded to other colleges in the Boston area , the Ivy League , and Stanford University .	0
who created facebook	It gradually added support for students at various other universities before opening to high school students , and eventually to anyone aged 13 and over .	0
who created facebook	Facebook now allows any users who declare themselves to be at least 13 years old to become registered users of the site .	0
who created facebook	Users must register before using the site , after which they may create a personal profile , add other users as friends , and exchange messages , including automatic notifications when they update their profile .	0
who created facebook	Additionally , users may join common-interest user groups , organized by workplace , school or college , or other characteristics , and categorize their friends into lists such as `` People From Work '' or `` Close Friends '' .	0
who created facebook	As of September 2012 , Facebook has over one billion active users .	0
who created facebook	According to a May 2011 Consumer Reports survey , there are 7.5 million children under 13 with accounts and 5 million under 10 , violating the site 's terms of service .	0
who created facebook	In May 2005 , Accel partners invested $ 12.7 million in Facebook , and Jim Breyer added $ 1 million of his own money to the pot .	0
who created facebook	A January 2009 Compete.com study ranked Facebook as the most used social networking service by worldwide monthly active users .	0
who created facebook	Entertainment Weekly included the site on its end-of-the-decade `` best-of '' list , saying , `` How on earth did we stalk our exes , remember our co-workers ' birthdays , bug our friends , and play a rousing game of Scrabulous before Facebook ? ''	0
who created facebook	Critics , such as Facebook Detox , state that Facebook has turned into a national obsession in the United States , resulting in vast amounts of time lost and encouraging narcissism .	0
who created facebook	Quantcast estimates Facebook has 138.9 million monthly unique U.S. visitors in May 2011 .	0
who created facebook	According to Social Media Today , in April 2010 an estimated 41.6 % ( 129.5 million ) of the U.S. population had a Facebook account .	0
who created facebook	Nevertheless , Facebook 's market growth started to stall in some regions , with the site losing 7 million active users in the United States and Canada in May 2011 .	0
who created facebook	Facebook eventually filed for an initial public offering on February 1 , 2012 , and was headquartered in Menlo Park , California .	0
who created facebook	Facebook Inc. began selling stock to the public and trading on the NASDAQ on May 18 , 2012 .	0
who pulmonary hypertension	In medicine , pulmonary hypertension ( PH ) is an increase of blood pressure in the pulmonary artery , pulmonary vein , or pulmonary capillaries , together known as the lung vasculature , leading to shortness of breath , dizziness , fainting , and other symptoms , all of which are exacerbated by exertion .	0
who pulmonary hypertension	Pulmonary hypertension can be a severe disease with a markedly decreased exercise tolerance and heart failure .	0
who pulmonary hypertension	It was first identified by Dr. Ernst von Romberg in 1891 .	1
who pulmonary hypertension	According to the most recent classification , it can be one of five different types : arterial , venous , hypoxic , thromboembolic or miscellaneous .	0
what county is northville mi	Northville is an affluent city located in and divided by Oakland and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Michigan .	1
what county is northville mi	The area is a suburb of Metropolitan Detroit .	0
what county is northville mi	The population was 5,970 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is northville mi	Most of the city is in Oakland County , and is surrounded by the city of Novi .	1
what county is northville mi	The Wayne County portion is surrounded by Northville Township .	0
what county is northville mi	Northville is served by Northville Public Schools .	0
what county is northville mi	The city is located northeast of Ann Arbor and northwest of Detroit .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The My Lai Massacre ( , ; , , or ) was the Vietnam War mass murder of between 347 and 504 unarmed civilians in South Vietnam on March 16 , 1968 , by United States Army soldiers of `` Charlie '' Company of 1st Battalion , 20th Infantry Regiment , 11th Brigade of the Americal Division .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	Victims included women , men , children , and infants .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	Some of the women were gang-raped and their bodies were later found to be mutilated and many women were allegedly raped prior to the killings .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	While 26 U.S. soldiers were initially charged with criminal offenses for their actions at Mỹ Lai , only Second Lieutenant William Calley , a platoon leader in Charlie Company , was convicted .	1
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	Found guilty of killing 22 villagers , he was originally given a life sentence , but only served three and a half years under house arrest .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The massacre took place in the hamlets of My Lai and My Khe of Son My village .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The event is also known as the Son My Massacre , especially in the Vietnamese state media .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The U.S. military codeword for the `` Viet Cong stronghold '' was `` Pinkville '' .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The incident prompted global outrage when it became public knowledge in 1969 .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The massacre also increased domestic opposition to the U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	Three U.S. servicemen who had tried to halt the massacre and protect the wounded were initially denounced by several U.S . Congressmen as traitors .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	They received hate mail and death threats and found mutilated animals on their doorsteps .	0
who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai	The three were later widely praised and decorated by the Army for their heroic actions .	0
what city is oregon state university in	Oregon State University ( OSU ) is a coeducational , public research university located in Corvallis , Oregon , United States .	1
what city is oregon state university in	The university offers undergraduate , graduate and doctoral degrees and a multitude of research opportunities .	0
what city is oregon state university in	There are more than 200 academic degree programs offered through the university .	0
what city is oregon state university in	OSU 's programs in microbiology , nuclear engineering , ecology , forestry , public health , biochemistry , zoology , oceanography , food science and pharmacy are recognized nationally as top tier programs .	0
what city is oregon state university in	The OSU 's liberal arts programs have also grown significantly and the department is considered a `` cornerstone '' of the institution .	0
what city is oregon state university in	More than 200,000 people have attended OSU since its founding .	0
what city is oregon state university in	The Carnegie Foundation classifies Oregon State University as part of its top tier of research institutions .	0
what city is oregon state university in	As of 2008 , OSU is one of only seventy-three land-grant universities .	0
what city is oregon state university in	The school is also recognized as a sea-grant , space-grant and sun-grant institution , making it one of only two US institutions to retain all four designations and the only public university to do so ( Cornell is the only other with similar designations ) .	0
what city is oregon state university in	As one of the two flagship universities of the Oregon University System , OSU receives more funding for research , annually , than all other public higher education institutions in Oregon combined .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	1804 map of `` Louisiana `` , edged on the west by the Rocky Mountains .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	The Louisiana Purchase ( `` Sale of Louisiana '' ) was the acquisition by the United States of America in 1803 of of France 's claim to the territory of Louisiana .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	The U.S. paid 50 million francs ( $ 11 ,250,000 ) plus cancellation of debts worth 18 million francs ( $ 3,750,000 ) , for a total sum of 15 million dollars ( less than 3 cents per acre ) for the Louisiana territory ( $ million in dollars , less than 42 cents per acre ) .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	The Louisiana territory encompassed all or part of 15 present U.S. states and two Canadian provinces .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	The land purchased contained all of present-day Arkansas , Missouri , Iowa , Oklahoma , Kansas , and Nebraska ; parts of Minnesota that were west of the Mississippi River ; most of North Dakota ; most of South Dakota ; northeastern New Mexico ; northern Texas ; the portions of Montana , Wyoming , and Colorado east of the Continental Divide ; Louisiana west of the Mississippi River , including the city of New Orleans ; and small portions of land that would eventually become part of the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	France controlled this vast area from 1699 until 1762 , the year it gave the territory to its ally Spain .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	Under Napoleon Bonaparte , France took back the territory in 1800 in the hope of building an empire in North America .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	A slave revolt in Haiti and an impending war with Britain , however , led France to abandon these plans and sell the entire territory to the United States , who had originally intended only to seek the purchase of New Orleans and its adjacent lands .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	The purchase of the territory of Louisiana took place during the presidency of Thomas Jefferson .	1
what president made decision to buy louisiana	At the time , the purchase faced domestic opposition because it was thought to be unconstitutional .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	Although he agreed that the U.S. Constitution did not contain provisions for acquiring territory , Jefferson decided to go ahead with the purchase anyway in order to remove France 's presence in the region and to protect both U.S. trade access to the port of New Orleans and free passage on the Mississippi River .	0
what president made decision to buy louisiana	Ceremony at Place d'Armes , New Orleans marking transfer of Louisiana to the United States , 10 March 1804 , as depicted by Thure de Thulstrup .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose ( ; Spanish : St. Joseph ) is the third-largest city in California , the tenth-largest in the U.S. , and the county seat of Santa Clara County which is located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay .	1
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose is the largest city within Silicon Valley , which is a major component of the greater San Francisco Bay Area , a region of 8.4 million people and the fifth largest metropolitan area ( CSA ) in the United States .	0
what county is san jose in ?	It is the largest city in Northern California .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose was founded on November 29 , 1777 , as El Pueblo de San José de Guadalupe , the first civilian town in the Spanish colony of Nueva California , which later became Alta California .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The city served as a farming community to support Spanish military installations at San Francisco and Monterey .	0
what county is san jose in ?	When California gained statehood in 1850 , San Jose served as its first capital .	0
what county is san jose in ?	After more than 150 years as a small farming city , San Jose and the surrounding Santa Clara Valley became the last ( and largest ) contiguous area of undeveloped land surrounding the San Francisco Bay .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose experienced increased demand for housing from soldiers and veterans returning from World War II .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose then continued its aggressive expansion during the 1950s and 1960s by annexing more land area .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The rapid growth of the high-technology and electronics industries further accelerated the transition from an agricultural center , to an urbanized metropolitan area .	0
what county is san jose in ?	By the 1990s , San Jose 's location within the booming local technology industry earned the city its nickname , Capital of Silicon Valley .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose now maintains global city status and is the largest city in the San Francisco Bay Area in terms of population , land area , and industrial development .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The U.S. Census Bureau reported the population of the city to be 945,942 as of the 2010 Census .	0
what county is san jose in ?	As of April 2013 , the estimated population of San Jose was 984,000 .	0
what county is san jose in ?	San Jose , along with the Santa Clara Valley , experienced about half a century of spectacular suburban sprawl , with characteristics of intense urbanization similar to the Los Angeles area of Southern California .	0
what county is san jose in ?	The city has taken definite steps to avoid becoming `` L.A. North '' .	0
what county is san jose in ?	However , the sprawl in San Jose is worse than in Los Angeles by measures such as population density and public transit safety , investment , and ridership .	0
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc	A premature ventricular contraction ( PVC ) , also known as a premature ventricular complex , ventricular premature contraction ( or complex or complexes ) ( VPC ) , ventricular premature beat ( VPB ) , or ventricular extrasystole ( VES ) , is a relatively common event where the heartbeat is initiated by Purkinje fibres in the ventricles rather than by the sinoatrial node , the normal heartbeat initiator .	1
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc	The electrical events of the heart detected by the electrocardiogram allow a PVC to be easily distinguished from a normal heart beat .	0
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc	A PVC may be perceived as a `` skipped beat `` or felt as palpitations in the chest .	0
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc	In a normal heartbeat , the ventricles contract after the atria have helped to fill them by contracting ; in this way the ventricles can pump a maximized amount of blood both to the lungs and to the rest of the body .	0
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc	In a PVC , the ventricles contract first and before the atria have optimally filled the ventricles with blood , which means that circulation is inefficient .	1
what is an irregular heartbeat pvc	However , single beat PVC arrhythmias do not usually pose a danger and can be asymptomatic in healthy individuals .	0
what affects the money supply	In economics , the money supply or money stock , is the total amount of monetary assets available in an economy at a specific time .	0
what affects the money supply	There are several ways to define `` money , '' but standard measures usually include currency in circulation and demand deposits ( depositors ' easily accessed assets on the books of financial institutions ) .	0
what affects the money supply	Money supply data are recorded and published , usually by the government or the central bank of the country .	0
what affects the money supply	Public and private sector analysts have long monitored changes in money supply because of its effects on the price level , inflation , the exchange rate and the business cycle .	0
what affects the money supply	That relation between money and prices is historically associated with the quantity theory of money .	0
what affects the money supply	There is strong empirical evidence of a direct relation between money-supply growth and long-term price inflation , at least for rapid increases in the amount of money in the economy .	1
what affects the money supply	That is , a country such as Zimbabwe which saw rapid increases in its money supply also saw rapid increases in prices ( hyperinflation ) .	0
what affects the money supply	This is one reason for the reliance on monetary policy as a means of controlling inflation .	0
what affects the money supply	The nature of this causal chain is the subject of contention .	0
what affects the money supply	Some heterodox economists argue that the money supply is endogenous ( determined by the workings of the economy , not by the central bank ) and that the sources of inflation must be found in the distributional structure of the economy .	0
what affects the money supply	In addition , those economists seeing the central bank 's control over the money supply as feeble say that there are two weak links between the growth of the money supply and the inflation rate .	0
what affects the money supply	First , in the aftermath of a recession , when many resources are underutilized , an increase in the money supply can cause a sustained increase in real production instead of inflation .	0
what affects the money supply	Second , if the velocity of money , i.e. , the ratio between nominal GDP and money supply , changes , an increase in the money supply could have either no effect , an exaggerated effect , or an unpredictable effect on the growth of nominal GDP .	0
where are poison dart frog seen	Poison dart frog ( also dart-poison frog , poison frog or formerly poison arrow frog ) is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae which are native to Central and South America .	1
where are poison dart frog seen	These species are diurnal and often have brightly colored bodies .	0
where are poison dart frog seen	Although all wild dendrobatids are at least somewhat toxic , levels of toxicity vary considerably from one species to the next and from one population to another .	0
where are poison dart frog seen	Many species are threatened .	0
where are poison dart frog seen	These amphibians are often called `` dart frogs '' due to the Amerindians ' indigenous use of their to poison the tips of blowdarts .	0
where are poison dart frog seen	However , of over 175 species , only four have been documented as being used for this purpose ( curare plants are more commonly used ) , all of which come from the Phyllobates genus , which is characterized by the relatively large size and high levels of toxicity of its members .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	Princess cut diamond set in a ring	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The Princess cut is the second most popular cut shape for diamonds , next to a round brilliant .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The face-up shape of the princess cut is square or rectangular and the profile or side-on shape is similar to that of an inverted pyramid with four beveled sides .	1
what are square diamonds called ?	The princess cut is a relatively new diamond cut , having been created in the 1960s .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	It has gained in popularity in recent years as a more distinctive alternative to the more popular round brilliant cut , in which the top of diamond , called the crown , is cut with a round face-up shape and the bottom , called the pavilion , is shaped similar to a cone .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	A princess cut with the same width as the diameter of a round brilliant will weigh more as it has four corners which would otherwise have been cut off and rounded to form a round brilliant .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The princess cut is sometimes referred to as a square modified brilliant .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	However , while displaying the same high degree of brilliance , its faceting style is unique and completely different from that of a round brilliant .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The Princess cut had its origins in the early `` French '' cut , having a step-modified `` Double-French '' or `` Cross '' cut crown and a series of unique , chevron-shaped facets in the pavilion which combine to give a distinct cross-shaped reflection when the stone is viewed directly through the table .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	Effectively , the Princess cut combines the high degree of light return of a round brilliant cut with a distinctive square or rectangular shape .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The square princess cut diamond is usually slightly cheaper than round brilliant cut diamonds of the same carat weight because it retains about 80 % of the rough diamond , as opposed to the round brilliant which retains only about 50 % of the rough .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The ability to retain more crystal weight makes this shape popular amongst diamond cutters .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	Accredited Gem Appraisers ( AGA ) and American Gem Society Laboratory ( AGSL ) and European Gem Laboratories-USA ( EGL-USA ) are currently the only labs that grade the Princess cut for cut .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	There is no universal definition of what measurements make an ideal princess cut diamond and many diamond manufacturers market ideal diamonds with differing facet patterns and angles as `` ideal cut '' .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	In contrast to the AGSL , AGA , and EGL-USA the Gemological Institute of America ( GIA ) has stated that there is not enough industry consensus or empirical data to specify cut grading standards for Princess cut diamonds and to do so is at the risk of consumers who may be deceived by diamonds accompanied by unqualified Ideal or Excellent cut grades .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The name `` Princess Cut '' was originally used in connection with another diamond cut , otherwise known as the `` Profile '' cut , designed by Arpad Nagy , a London cutter , in 1961 .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The same name was later used and made popular by Ygal Perlman , Betzalel Ambar , and Israel Itzkowitz in Israel in 1979 .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	A similar cut with only 49 facets , as opposed to the original 58 facets of the princess cut , was later branded the `` Quadrillion '' and initially distributed by Ambar Diamonds in Los Angeles .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	Three years of optical research yielded a square stone with faceting similar to that of a round brilliant cut diamond .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	A Comparison	0
what are square diamonds called ?	The number of chevrons can affect the overall outlook of a princess cut diamond .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	This can usually be determined by the wire diagram that is plotted in diamond grading reports .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	By adding more chevrons on the pavilion side of the diamond , the individual facets of the diamond will now be broken down into smaller facets .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	As a result , it can give a princess cut diamond a `` crushed ice '' look .	0
what are square diamonds called ?	Vice versa , when a princess cut diamond has lesser chevrons , it tends to give the diamond a chunky outlook due to broader facets .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	A California domestic partnership is a legal relationship available to same-sex couples , and to certain opposite-sex couples in which at least one party is at least 18 years of age .	1
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	It affords the couple `` the same rights , protections , and benefits , and ... the same responsibilities , obligations , and duties under law ... '' as married spouses .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	Enacted in 1999 , the domestic partnership registry was the first of its kind in the United States created by a legislature without court intervention .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	Initially , domestic partnerships enjoyed very few privileges—principally just hospital-visitation rights and the right to be claimed as a next of kin of the estate of a deceased partner .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	The legislature has since expanded the scope of California domestic partnerships to include all of the rights and responsibilities common to marriage .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	As such , California domestic partnerships are functionally equivalent to civil unions offered in several other states .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	Although the program enjoys broad support in California , it has been the source of some controversy .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	Groups opposed to the recognition of same-sex families have challenged the expansion of domestic partnerships in court .	0
WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA	Conversely , advocates of same-sex marriage contend that anything less than full marriage rights extended to same-sex partners is analogous to the `` separate but equal '' racial laws of the Jim Crow era .	0
who starred in webster	Webster is an American situation comedy that aired on ABC from September 16 , 1983 until May 8 , 1987 , and in first-run syndication from September 21 , 1987 until March 10 , 1989 .	0
who starred in webster	The series was created by Stu Silver .	0
who starred in webster	The show stars Emmanuel Lewis in the title role as a young boy who , after losing his parents , is adopted by his NFL -pro godfather , portrayed by Alex Karras , and his new socialite wife , played by Susan Clark .	1
who starred in webster	The focus was largely on how this impulsively married couple had to adjust to their new lives and sudden parenthood , but it was the congenial Webster himself who drove much of the plot .	0
who starred in webster	The series was produced by Georgian Bay Ltd. , Emmanuel Lewis Entertainment Enterprises , Inc. ( 1986-1989 ) and Paramount Television .	0
who starred in webster	Like NBC 's earlier hit Diff'rent Strokes , Webster featured a young African-American boy adopted by a white family .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Lyme disease , Lyme borreliosis is an infectious disease caused by at least three species of bacteria belonging to the genus Borrelia .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto is the main cause of Lyme disease in North America , whereas Borrelia afzelii and Borrelia garinii cause most European cases .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	The disease is named after the towns of Lyme and Old Lyme , Connecticut , USA , where a number of cases were identified in 1975 .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Although Allen Steere realized that Lyme disease was a tick-borne disease in 1978 , the cause of the disease remained a mystery until 1981 , when B. burgdorferi was identified by Willy Burgdorfer .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Lyme disease is the most common tick-borne disease in the Northern Hemisphere .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Borrelia is transmitted to humans by the bite of infected ticks belonging to a few species of the genus Ixodes ( `` hard ticks '' ) .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Early symptoms may include fever , headache , fatigue , depression , and a characteristic circular skin rash called erythema migrans ( EM ) .	1
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Left untreated , later symptoms may involve the joints , heart , and central nervous system .	1
what are the side effects for lyme disease	In most cases , the infection and its symptoms are eliminated by antibiotics , especially if the illness is treated early .	0
what are the side effects for lyme disease	Delayed or inadequate treatment can lead to more serious symptoms , which can be disabling and difficult to treat .	0
when was washington elected president	George Washington ( – , 1799 ) was the first President of the United States ( 1789–1797 ) , the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .	1
when was washington elected president	He presided over the convention that drafted the Constitution , which replaced the Articles of Confederation and established the position of President .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington was elected President as the unanimous choice of the 69 electors in 1788 , and he served two terms in office .	0
when was washington elected president	He oversaw the creation of a strong , well-financed national government that maintained neutrality in the wars raging in Europe , suppressed rebellion , and won acceptance among Americans of all types .	0
when was washington elected president	His leadership style established many forms and rituals of government that have been used since , such as using a cabinet system and delivering an inaugural address .	0
when was washington elected president	Further , the peaceful transition from his presidency to the presidency of John Adams established a tradition that continues into the 21st century .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington was hailed as `` father of his country `` even during his lifetime .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington was born into the provincial gentry of Colonial Virginia ; his wealthy planter family owned tobacco plantations and slaves .	0
when was washington elected president	After both his father and older brother died when he was young , Washington became personally and professionally attached to the powerful William Fairfax , who promoted his career as a surveyor and soldier .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington quickly became a senior officer in the colonial forces during the first stages of the French and Indian War .	0
when was washington elected president	Chosen by the Second Continental Congress in 1775 to be commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in the American Revolution , Washington managed to force the British out of Boston in 1776 , but was defeated and almost captured later that year when he lost New York City .	0
when was washington elected president	After crossing the Delaware River in the dead of winter , he defeated the British in two battles , retook New Jersey and restored momentum to the Patriot cause .	0
when was washington elected president	Because of his strategy , Revolutionary forces captured two major British armies at Saratoga in 1777 and Yorktown in 1781 .	0
when was washington elected president	Historians laud Washington for his selection and supervision of his generals , encouragement of morale and ability to hold together the army , coordination with the state governors and state militia units , relations with Congress and attention to supplies , logistics , and training .	0
when was washington elected president	In battle , however , Washington was repeatedly outmaneuvered by British generals with larger armies .	0
when was washington elected president	After victory had been finalized in 1783 , Washington resigned as Commander-in-chief rather than seize power , proving his opposition to dictatorship and his commitment to American republicanism .	0
when was washington elected president	Dissatisfied with the weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation , in 1787 Washington presided over the Constitutional Convention that drafted the United States Constitution .	0
when was washington elected president	Elected unanimously as the first President of the United States in 1789 , he attempted to bring rival factions together to unify the nation .	0
when was washington elected president	He supported Alexander Hamilton 's programs to pay off all state and national debt , to implement an effective tax system and to create a national bank ( despite opposition from Thomas Jefferson ) .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington proclaimed the United States neutral in the wars raging in Europe after 1793 .	0
when was washington elected president	He avoided war with Great Britain and guaranteed a decade of peace and profitable trade by securing the Jay Treaty in 1795 , despite intense opposition from the Jeffersonians .	0
when was washington elected president	Although never officially joining the Federalist Party , he supported its programs .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington 's Farewell Address was an influential primer on republican virtue and a warning against partisanship , sectionalism , and involvement in foreign wars .	0
when was washington elected president	He retired from the presidency in 1797 and returned to his home , Mount Vernon , and his domestic life where he managed a variety of enterprises .	0
when was washington elected president	He freed all his slaves by his final will .	0
when was washington elected president	Washington had a vision of a great and powerful nation that would be built on republican lines using federal power .	0
when was washington elected president	He sought to use the national government to preserve liberty , improve infrastructure , open the western lands , promote commerce , found a permanent capital , reduce regional tensions and promote a spirit of American nationalism .	0
when was washington elected president	At his death , Washington was eulogized as `` first in war , first in peace , and first in the hearts of his countrymen '' by Henry Lee .	0
when was washington elected president	The Federalists made him the symbol of their party but for many years , the Jeffersonians continued to distrust his influence and delayed building the Washington Monument .	0
when was washington elected president	As the leader of the first successful revolution against a colonial empire in world history , Washington became an international icon for liberation and nationalism , especially in France and Latin America .	0
What is up with Kent Hovind	Kent E. Hovind ( born January 15 , 1953 ) is an American young Earth creationist .	0
What is up with Kent Hovind	Hovind has spoken on creation science and has aimed to convince listeners to reject theories of evolution , geophysics , and cosmology in favor of his interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative from the Bible .	0
What is up with Kent Hovind	Hovind 's views are contradicted by scientific evidence and some of his ideas have also been criticized by young Earth creationist organizations such as Answers in Genesis .	0
What is up with Kent Hovind	Hovind established the Creation Science Evangelism in 1991 , and frequently spoke on young Earth creationism at seminars at private schools and churches , debates , and on radio and television broadcasts .	0
What is up with Kent Hovind	Since January 2007 , Hovind has been serving a ten-year prison sentence after being convicted of 58 federal counts , including 12 tax offenses , one count of obstructing federal agents , and 45 counts of structuring cash transactions .	0
What is up with Kent Hovind	He is incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Institution at Berlin , New Hampshire .	1
When did the New Deal start	Top left : The Tennessee Valley Authority , part of the New Deal , being signed into law in 1933 .	0
When did the New Deal start	Top right : Franklin Delano Roosevelt , who was responsible for initiatives and programs collectively known as the New Deal .	0
When did the New Deal start	Bottom : A public mural from one of the artists employed by the New Deal .	0
When did the New Deal start	The New Deal was a series of economic programs enacted in the United States between 1933 and 1936 .	1
When did the New Deal start	They involved presidential executive orders or laws passed by Congress during the first term of President Franklin D. Roosevelt .	0
When did the New Deal start	The programs were in response to the Great Depression , and focused on what historians call the `` 3 Rs '' : Relief , Recovery , and Reform .	0
When did the New Deal start	That is Relief for the unemployed and poor ; Recovery of the economy to normal levels ; and Reform of the financial system to prevent a repeat depression .	0
When did the New Deal start	The New Deal produced a political realignment , making the Democratic Party the majority ( as well as the party that held the White House for seven out of nine Presidential terms from 1933 to 1969 ) , with its base in liberal ideas , the white South , traditional Democrats , big city machines , and the newly empowered labor unions and ethnic minorities .	0
When did the New Deal start	The Republicans were split , with conservatives opposing the entire New Deal as an enemy of business and growth , and liberals accepting some of it and promising to make it more efficient .	0
When did the New Deal start	The realignment crystallized into the New Deal Coalition that dominated most presidential elections into the 1960s , while the opposition Conservative Coalition largely controlled Congress from 1937 to 1963 .	0
When did the New Deal start	By 1936 the term `` liberal '' typically was used for supporters of the New Deal , and `` conservative `` for its opponents .	0
When did the New Deal start	From 1934 to 1938 , Roosevelt was assisted in his endeavours by a “pro-spender” majority in Congress ( drawn from two-party , competitive , non-machine , Progressive , and Left party districts ) .	0
When did the New Deal start	As noted by Alexander Hicks , “Roosevelt , backed by rare , non-Southern Democrat majorities — 270 non-Southern Democrat representatives and 71 non-Southern Democrat senators — spelled Second New Deal reform.”	0
When did the New Deal start	Many historians distinguish between a `` First New Deal '' ( 1933–34 ) and a `` Second New Deal '' ( 1935–38 ) , with the second one more liberal and more controversial .	0
When did the New Deal start	The `` First New Deal '' ( 1933–34 ) dealt with diverse groups , from banking and railroads to industry and farming , all of which demanded help for economic survival .	0
When did the New Deal start	The Federal Emergency Relief Administration , for instance , provided $ 500 million for relief operations by states and cities , while the short-lived CWA ( Civil Works Administration ) gave localities money to operate make-work projects in 1933-34 .	0
When did the New Deal start	The `` Second New Deal `` in 1935–38 included the Wagner Act to promote labor unions , the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) relief program ( which made the federal government by far the largest single employer in the nation ) , the Social Security Act , and new programs to aid tenant farmers and migrant workers .	0
When did the New Deal start	The final major items of New Deal legislation were the creation of the United States Housing Authority and Farm Security Administration , both in 1937 , and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , which set maximum hours and minimum wages for most categories of workers .	0
When did the New Deal start	The economic downturn of 1937–38 , and the bitter split between the AFL and CIO labor unions led to major Republican gains in Congress in 1938 .	0
When did the New Deal start	Conservative Republicans and Democrats in Congress joined in the informal Conservative Coalition .	0
When did the New Deal start	By 1942–43 they shut down relief programs such as the WPA and CCC and blocked major liberal proposals .	0
When did the New Deal start	Roosevelt himself turned his attention to the war effort , and won reelection in 1940 and 1944 .	0
When did the New Deal start	The Supreme Court declared the National Recovery Administration ( NRA ) and the first version of the Agricultural Adjustment Act ( AAA ) unconstitutional , however the AAA was rewritten and then upheld .	0
When did the New Deal start	As the first Republican president elected after FDR , Dwight D. Eisenhower ( 1953–61 ) left the New Deal largely intact , even expanding it in some areas .	0
When did the New Deal start	In the 1960s , Lyndon B. Johnson 's Great Society used the New Deal as inspiration for a dramatic expansion of liberal programs , which Republican Richard M. Nixon generally retained .	0
When did the New Deal start	After 1974 , however , the call for deregulation of the economy gained bipartisan support .	0
When did the New Deal start	The New Deal regulation of banking ( Glass–Steagall Act ) was suspended in the 1990s .	0
When did the New Deal start	Many New Deal programs remain active , with some still operating under the original names , including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation ( FCIC ) , the Federal Housing Administration ( FHA ) , and the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) .	0
When did the New Deal start	The largest programs still in existence today are the Social Security System and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .	0
where did world war 1 start	World War I ( WWI ) was a global war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918 .	0
where did world war 1 start	It was predominantly called the World War or the Great War from its occurrence until the start of World War II in 1939 , and the First World War or World War I thereafter .	0
where did world war 1 start	It involved all the world 's great powers , which were assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies ( based on the Triple Entente of the United Kingdom , France and Russia ) and the Central Powers ( originally the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy ; but , as Austria–Hungary had taken the offensive against the agreement , Italy did not enter into the war ) .	0
where did world war 1 start	These alliances were both reorganised and expanded as more nations entered the war : Italy , Japan and the United States joined the Allies , and the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria the Central Powers .	0
where did world war 1 start	Ultimately , more than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .	0
where did world war 1 start	More than 9 million combatants were killed , largely because of technological advancements that led to enormous increases in the lethality of weapons without corresponding improvements in protection or mobility .	0
where did world war 1 start	It was the fifth- deadliest conflict in world history , subsequently paving the way for various political changes , such as revolutions in many of the nations involved .	0
where did world war 1 start	One of the long-term causes of the war was the resurgence of imperialism in the foreign policies of the great powers of Europe .	0
where did world war 1 start	More immediately , the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , the heir to the throne of Austria-Hungary , on 28 June 1914 by Yugoslav nationalist Gavrilo Princip in Sarajevo triggered a diplomatic crisis when Austria-Hungary subsequently delivered an ultimatum to the Kingdom of Serbia .	0
where did world war 1 start	Several alliances formed over the previous decades were invoked .	0
where did world war 1 start	Within weeks , the major powers were at war and , via their colonies , the conflict soon spread around the world .	0
where did world war 1 start	On 28 July , the Austro-Hungarians fired the first shots of the war as preparation for the invasion of Serbia .	1
where did world war 1 start	While the Russians mobilised , the Germans invaded neutral Belgium and Luxembourg on the way to France , providing a casus belli for Britain 's declaration of war against Germany .	0
where did world war 1 start	After the German march on Paris was brought to a halt—the so-called Miracle of the Marne —the Western Front settled into a static battle of attrition with a trench line that changed little until 1917 .	0
where did world war 1 start	On the Eastern Front , the Russian army was successful against the Austro-Hungarians , but was stopped in its invasion of East Prussia by the Germans .	0
where did world war 1 start	In November the Ottoman Empire joined the war , opening up fronts in the Caucasus , Mesopotamia and the Sinai .	0
where did world war 1 start	Italy and Bulgaria went to war in 1915 and Romania in 1916 .	0
where did world war 1 start	In Russia , the tsar 's government collapsed in March 1917 and a subsequent revolution in November brought the Russians to terms with the Central Powers .	0
where did world war 1 start	After a 1918 German offensive along the western front , the Allies drove back the Germans in a series of successful offensives and American forces began entering the trenches .	0
where did world war 1 start	Germany , which had its own trouble with revolutionaries , agreed to an armistice on 11 November 1918 .	0
where did world war 1 start	The war ended in victory for the Allies .	0
where did world war 1 start	Events on the home fronts were as tumultuous as on the battle fronts , as the participants tried to mobilize their manpower and economic resources to fight a total war .	0
where did world war 1 start	By the end of the war , four major imperial powers—the German , Russian , Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman empires—ceased to exist .	0
where did world war 1 start	The successor states of the former two lost a great amount of territory , while the latter two were dismantled entirely .	0
where did world war 1 start	The map of central Europe was redrawn into several smaller states .	0
where did world war 1 start	The League of Nations was formed in the hope of preventing another such conflict .	0
where did world war 1 start	The European nationalism spawned by the war and the breakup of empires , the repercussions of Germany 's defeat and problems with the Treaty of Versailles are agreed to be factors contributing to World War II .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University ( NMMU ) is a South African tertiary education institution with its main administration in the coastal city of Port Elizabeth .	1
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	A merging of three institutions founded NMMU in January 2005 but its history dates back to 1882 with the foundation of Port Elizabeth Art School .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	The University draws international students from all over the world .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	There are over 3000 international students and include students from the United States , France , China , Germany , Belgium , Denmark , Finland , Netherlands , Norway , Sweden , United Kingdom and many other countries .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	NMMU is a comprehensive university offering professional and vocational training .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	The University has six campuses - five in Port Elizabeth and one in George .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	The main campus is the South Campus .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	Students at NMMU can study towards diplomas and degrees up to and including doctoral level qualifications .	0
where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located	A number of courses include workplace experience as part of the curriculum .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Kenneth Wayne `` Ken '' Jennings III ( born May 23 , 1974 ) is an American game show contestant and author .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Jennings is noted for holding the record for the longest winning streak on the U.S. syndicated game show Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	and as being the all-time leading money winner on American game shows .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	In 2004 , Jennings won 74 Jeopardy !	1
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	games before he was defeated by challenger Nancy Zerg on his 75th appearance .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	His total earnings on Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	are $ 3,172,700 , consisting of $ 2,520,700 over his 74 wins , a $ 2,000 second-place prize in his 75th appearance , a $ 500,000 second-place prize in the Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Ultimate Tournament of Champions , as well as half of a $ 300,000 prize in the IBM Challenge .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	During his first run of Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	appearances , Jennings earned the record for the highest American game show winnings .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	His total was surpassed by Brad Rutter , who defeated Jennings in the finals of the Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Ultimate Tournament of Champions ( first aired on May 25 , 2005 ) , adding $ 2,000,000 to Rutter 's existing Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	winnings .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	Jennings regained the record after appearing on several other game shows , culminating in an appearance on Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader ?	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	( first aired on October 10 , 2008 ) , though Rutter retains the Jeopardy !	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	record .	0
How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win ?	After his success on Jeopardy ! , Jennings wrote about his experience and explored American trivia history and culture in his book Brainiac : Adventures in the Curious , Competitive , Compulsive World of Trivia Buffs , published in 2006 .	0
who said give me liberty or give me death	Patrick Henry `` Treason '' speech before the House of Burgesses in an 1851 painting by Peter F. Rothermel	1
who said give me liberty or give me death	`` Give me liberty , or give me death ! '' is a quotation attributed to Patrick Henry from a speech he made to the Virginia Convention .	1
who said give me liberty or give me death	On that day , at St. John 's Church in Richmond , Virginia , and is credited with having swung the balance in convincing the Virginia House of Burgesses to pass a resolution delivering the Virginia troops to the Revolutionary War .	0
who said give me liberty or give me death	Among the delegates to the convention were future US Presidents Thomas Jefferson and George Washington .	0
what nationality is wendy williams	Wendy Williams Hunter ( born Wendy Joan Williams ; July 18 , 1964 ) is an American media personality , actress and author .	1
what nationality is wendy williams	She hosts a syndicated television talk show , The Wendy Williams Show .	0
what nationality is wendy williams	Prior to television , Williams was a `` shock jockette `` on several radio shows .	0
what nationality is wendy williams	Williams has gained notoriety for her on-air spats with celebrities .	0
what nationality is wendy williams	She was the subject of the 2006 VH1 reality TV series called The Wendy Williams Experience which broadcast events surrounding her radio show .	0
what nationality is wendy williams	She has written an autobiography and several other books , and has created a product line called Adorn by Wendy Williams .	0
who is the group enigma	Enigma is an electronic musical project founded in Germany by Michael Cretu , David Fairstein and Frank Peterson in 1990 .	1
who is the group enigma	The Romanian-born Cretu conceived the Enigma project while working in Germany , but based his recording studio A.R.T . Studios in Ibiza , Spain , from the early 1990s until May 2009 , where he has recorded all of Enigma 's studio releases to date .	1
who is the group enigma	Cretu is both the composer and the producer of the project .	0
who is the group enigma	His former wife , pop singer Sandra , often provided vocals on Enigma tracks .	0
who is the group enigma	Jens Gad co-arranged and played guitar on three of the Enigma albums .	0
who is the group enigma	Peter Cornelius also contributed to Enigma during the 1990s .	0
who is the group enigma	Seven studio albums have been produced under the name of the project .	0
how was the phone invented	An actor portraying Alexander Graham Bell speaking into an early model telephone .	0
how was the phone invented	The invention of the telephone is the culmination of work done by many individuals , the history of which involves a collection of claims and counterclaims .	1
how was the phone invented	The development of the modern electrical telephone involved an array of lawsuits founded upon the patent claims of several individuals and numerous companies .	0
how was the phone invented	This article covers the early years from 1844 to 1898 , from conception of the idea of an electric voice-transmission device , to failed attempts to use `` make-and-break '' current , to successful experiments with electromagnetic telephones by Alexander Graham Bell and Thomas Watson , and finally to commercially successful telephones in the late 19th century .	0
who sang the nights the lights went out	`` The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia '' is a Southern Gothic song written by songwriter Bobby Russell and performed in 1972 by his then-wife Vicki Lawrence .	1
who sang the nights the lights went out	Reba McEntire later covered it in 1991 .	1
who sang the nights the lights went out	Recorded in late October 1972 in United/Western Studios on Sunset in Hollywood and released less than two weeks later in November 1972 , the song centers around the older brother of the narrator , falsely convicted of and executed for a murder , which the narrator herself has committed .	0
where did the early humans live ?	Human evolution refers to the evolutionary process leading up to the appearance of modern humans .	0
where did the early humans live ?	While it began with the last common ancestor of all life , the topic usually covers only the evolutionary history of primates , in particular the genus Homo , and the emergence of Homo sapiens as a distinct species of hominids ( or `` great apes '' ) .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The study of human evolution involves many scientific disciplines , including physical anthropology , primatology , archaeology , linguistics , evolutionary psychology , embryology and genetics .	0
where did the early humans live ?	According to genetic studies , primates diverged from other mammals about in the Late Cretaceous period , and the earliest fossils appear in the Paleocene , around .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The family Hominidae diverged from the Hylobatidae ( Gibbon ) family 15-20 million years ago , and around , the Ponginae ( orangutans ) , diverged from the Hominidae family .	0
where did the early humans live ?	Bipedalism is the basic adaption of the Hominin line , and the earliest bipedal Hominin is considered to be either Sahelanthropus or Orrorin , with Ardipithecus , a full bipedal , coming somewhat later .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The gorilla and chimpanzee diverged around the same time , about 4-6 million years ago , and either Sahelanthropus or Orrorin may be our last shared ancestor with them .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The early bipedals eventually evolved into the australopithecines and later the genus Homo .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The earliest documented members of the genus Homo are Homo habilis which evolved around ; the earliest species for which there is positive evidence of use of stone tools .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The brains of these early hominins were about the same size as that of a chimpanzee .	0
where did the early humans live ?	During the next million years a process of encephalization began , and with the arrival of Homo erectus in the fossil record , cranial capacity had doubled to 850 cm3 .	0
where did the early humans live ?	Homo erectus and Homo ergaster were the first of the hominina to leave Africa , and these species spread through Africa , Asia , and Europe between .	1
where did the early humans live ?	It is believed that these species were the first to use fire and complex tools .	0
where did the early humans live ?	According to the Recent African Ancestry theory , modern humans evolved in Africa possibly from Homo heidelbergensis , Homo rhodesiensis or Homo antecessor and migrated out of the continent some 50,000 to 100,000 years ago , replacing local populations of Homo erectus , Homo denisova , Homo floresiensis and Homo neanderthalensis .	1
where did the early humans live ?	Archaic Homo sapiens , the forerunner of anatomically modern humans , evolved between 400,000 and 250,000 years ago .	0
where did the early humans live ?	Recent DNA evidence suggests that several haplotypes of Neanderthal origin are present among all non-African populations , and Neanderthals and other hominids , such as Denisova hominin may have contributed up to 6 % of their genome to present-day humans. < ref name= '' 10.1126/science.1209202 '' > Anatomically modern humans evolved from archaic Homo sapiens in the Middle Paleolithic , about 200,000 years ago .	0
where did the early humans live ?	The transition to behavioral modernity with the development of symbolic culture , language , and specialized lithic technology happened around 50,000 years ago according to many anthropologists although some suggest a gradual change in behavior over a longer time span .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Joanne `` Jo '' Rowling ( ) , ( born 31 July 1965 ) , pen name J. K. Rowling , is a British novelist , best known as the author of the Harry Potter fantasy series .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	The Potter books have gained worldwide attention , won multiple awards , and sold more than 400 million copies .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	They have become the best-selling book series in history , and been the basis for a series of films which has become the highest-grossing film series in history .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling had overall approval on the scripts as well as maintaining creative control by serving as a producer on the final instalment .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Born in Yate , Gloucestershire , Rowling was working as a researcher and bilingual secretary for Amnesty International when she conceived the idea for the Harry Potter series on a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990 .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	The seven-year period that followed entailed the death of her mother , divorce from her first husband and poverty until Rowling finished the first novel in the series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone ( 1997 ) .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling subsequently published 6 sequels—the last , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows ( 2007 ) —as well as 3 supplements to the series .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	In 2012 , Rowling parted with her agency and resumed writing in the form of a tragicomedy novel aimed at adult readership , entitled The Casual Vacancy .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling has said she is currently working on two books—one aimed for adults , the other for children younger than the Harry Potter audience , and she expects the latter to be published first .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	Rowling has led a `` rags to riches `` life story , in which she progressed from living on state benefits to multi-millionaire status within five years .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	She is the United Kingdom 's best-selling author since records began , with sales in excess of £238m .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	The 2008 Sunday Times Rich List estimated Rowling 's fortune at £560 million ( $ 798 million ) , ranking her as the twelfth richest woman in the United Kingdom .	1
how much is jk rowling worth	Forbes ranked Rowling as the forty-eighth most powerful celebrity of 2007 , and TIME magazine named her as a runner-up for its 2007 Person of the Year , noting the social , moral , and political inspiration she has given her fans .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	In October 2010 , Rowling was named the `` Most Influential Woman in Britain '' by leading magazine editors .	0
how much is jk rowling worth	She has become a notable philanthropist , supporting such charities as Comic Relief , One Parent Families , Multiple Sclerosis Society of Great Britain and Lumos ( formerly the Children 's High Level Group ) .	0
when was bloody kansas in	Bleeding Kansas , Bloody Kansas or the Border War , was a series of violent political confrontations involving anti-slavery Free-Staters and pro-slavery `` Border Ruffian `` elements , that took place in the Kansas Territory and the neighboring towns of Missouri between 1854 and 1861 .	1
when was bloody kansas in	At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free state or slave state .	0
when was bloody kansas in	As such , Bleeding Kansas was a proxy war between Northerners and Southerners over the issue of slavery in the United States .	0
when was bloody kansas in	The term `` Bleeding Kansas '' was coined by Horace Greeley of the New York Tribune ; the events it encompasses directly presaged the American Civil War .	0
when was bloody kansas in	Congress had long struggled to balance the interests of pro-slavery forces and anti-slavery forces .	0
when was bloody kansas in	The events later known as Bleeding Kansas were set into motion by the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854 , which nullified the Missouri Compromise and instead implemented the concept of popular sovereignty .	0
when was bloody kansas in	An ostensibly democratic idea , popular sovereignty stated that the inhabitants of each territory or state should decide whether it would be a free or slave state ; however , this resulted in immigration en masse to Kansas by activists from both sides .	0
when was bloody kansas in	At one point , Kansas had two separate governments , each with its own constitution , although only one was federally recognized .	0
when was bloody kansas in	On January 29 , 1861 , Kansas was admitted to the Union as a free state , less than three months before the Battle of Fort Sumter which began the Civil War .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	The blue whale ( Balaenoptera musculus ) is a marine mammal belonging to the suborder of baleen whales ( called Mysticeti ) .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	At in length and or more in weight , it is the largest known animal to have ever existed .	1
What Is the Largest Whale	Long and slender , the blue whale 's body can be various shades of bluish-grey dorsally and somewhat lighter underneath .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	There are at least three distinct subspecies : B. m. musculus of the North Atlantic and North Pacific , B. m. intermedia of the Southern Ocean and B. m. brevicauda ( also known as the pygmy blue whale ) found in the Indian Ocean and South Pacific Ocean .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	B. m. indica , found in the Indian Ocean , may be another subspecies .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	As with other baleen whales , its diet consists almost exclusively of small crustaceans known as krill .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	Blue whales were abundant in nearly all the oceans on Earth until the beginning of the twentieth century .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	For over a century , they were hunted almost to extinction by whalers until protected by the international community in 1966 .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	A 2002 report estimated there were 5,000 to 12,000 blue whales worldwide , located in at least five groups .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	More recent research into the Pygmy subspecies suggests this may be an underestimate .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	Before whaling , the largest population was in the Antarctic , numbering approximately 239,000 ( range 202,000 to 311,000 ) .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	There remain only much smaller ( around 2,000 ) concentrations in each of the eastern North Pacific , Antarctic , and Indian Ocean groups .	0
What Is the Largest Whale	There are two more groups in the North Atlantic , and at least two in the Southern Hemisphere .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Methylcobalamin ( shown ) is a form of vitamin B12 .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Physically it resembles the other forms of vitamin B12 , occurring as dark red crystals that freely form cherry-colored transparent solutions in water .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Vitamin B12 , vitamin B12 or vitamin B-12 , also called cobalamin , is a water-soluble vitamin with a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and for the formation of blood .	1
what is vitamin b12 used for	It is one of the eight B vitamins .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	It is normally involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body , especially affecting DNA synthesis and regulation , but also fatty acid synthesis and energy production .	1
what is vitamin b12 used for	Neither fungi , plants , nor animals are capable of producing vitamin B12 .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Only bacteria and archaea have the enzymes required for its synthesis , although many foods are a natural source of B12 because of bacterial symbiosis .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	The vitamin is the largest and most structurally complicated vitamin and can be produced industrially only through bacterial fermentation-synthesis .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Vitamin B12 consists of a class of chemically related compounds ( vitamers ) , all of which have vitamin activity .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	It contains the biochemically rare element cobalt .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Biosynthesis of the basic structure of the vitamin is accomplished only by bacteria ( which usually produce hydroxocobalamin ) , but conversion between different forms of the vitamin can be accomplished in the human body .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	A common semi-synthetic form of the vitamin , cyanocobalamin , does not occur in nature , but is produced from bacterial hydroxocobalamin and then used in many pharmaceuticals and supplements , and as a food additive , because of its stability and lower production cost .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	In the body it is converted to the human physiological forms methylcobalamin and adenosylcobalamin , leaving behind the cyanide , albeit in minimal concentration .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	More recently , hydroxocobalamin , methylcobalamin , and adenosylcobalamin can be found in more expensive pharmacological products and food supplements .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	The extra utility of these is currently debated .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Vitamin B12 was discovered from its relationship to the disease pernicious anemia , which is an autoimmune disease in which parietal cells of the stomach responsible for secreting intrinsic factor are destroyed .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Intrinsic factor is crucial for the normal absorption of B12 , so a lack of intrinsic factor , as seen in pernicious anemia , causes a vitamin B12 deficiency .	0
what is vitamin b12 used for	Many other subtler kinds of vitamin B12 deficiency and their biochemical effects have since been elucidated .	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	Effective Nuclear Charge Diagram	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	The effective nuclear charge ( often symbolize as or Z* ) is the net positive charge experienced by an electron in a multi-electron atom .	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	The term `` effective '' is used because the shielding effect of negatively charged electrons prevents higher orbital electrons from experiencing the full nuclear charge by the repelling effect of inner-layer electrons .	1
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	The effective nuclear charge experienced by the outer shell electron is also called the core charge .	0
What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us	It is possible to determine the strength of the nuclear charge by looking at the oxidation number of the atom .	0
what produces calcitonin	Calcitonin ( also known as thyrocalcitonin ) is a 32-amino acid linear polypeptide hormone that is produced in humans primarily by the parafollicular cells ( also known as C-cells ) of the thyroid , and in many other animals in the ultimobranchial body .	1
what produces calcitonin	It acts to reduce blood calcium ( Ca2+ ) , opposing the effects of parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) .	0
what produces calcitonin	Calcitonin has been found in fish , reptiles , birds , and mammals .	0
what produces calcitonin	Its importance in humans has not been as well established as its importance in other animals , as its function is usually not significant in the regulation of normal calcium homeostasis .	0
what produces calcitonin	It belongs to calcitonin-like protein family .	0
what people used mayan numeral system	Maya numerals	0
what people used mayan numeral system	Maya numerals are a vigesimal ( base - twenty ) numeral system used by the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization .	1
what people used mayan numeral system	The numerals are made up of three symbols ; zero ( shell shape ) , one ( a dot ) and five ( a bar ) .	0
what people used mayan numeral system	For example , thirteen is written as three dots in a horizontal row above two horizontal lines stacked above each other .	0
who plays as big bird	Big Bird is a protagonist of the children 's television show Sesame Street .	0
who plays as big bird	Officially performed by Caroll Spinney since 1969 , he is an eight-foot two-inch ( 249 cm ) tall bright primrose-yellow bird .	1
who plays as big bird	He can roller skate , ice skate , dance , sing , write poetry , draw and even ride a unicycle .	0
who plays as big bird	But despite this wide array of talents , he is prone to frequent misunderstandings , on one occasion even singing the alphabet as one big long word ( from the song called `` ABC-DEF-GHI , '' pronounced `` ab-keddef-gajihkel-monop-quristuv-wixyz '' ) , pondering what it could ever mean .	0
who plays as big bird	He lives in a large nest behind the 123 Sesame Street brownstone and has a teddy bear named Radar .	1
what is 9/11 bombings	The September 11 attacks ( also referred to as September 11 , September 11th , or 9/11 ) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks launched by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda upon the United States in New York City and the Washington , D.C. area on September 11 , 2001 .	1
what is 9/11 bombings	Four passenger airliners were hijacked by 19 al-Qaeda terrorists so they could be flown into buildings in suicide attacks .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Two of those planes , American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 , were crashed into the North and South towers , respectively , of the World Trade Center complex in New York City .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Within two hours , both towers collapsed with debris and the resulting fires causing partial or complete collapse of all other buildings in the WTC complex , as well as major damage to ten other large surrounding structures .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	A third plane , American Airlines Flight 77 , was crashed into the Pentagon ( the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense ) , leading to a partial collapse in its western side .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	The fourth plane , United Airlines Flight 93 , was targeted at the United States Capitol in Washington , D.C. , but crashed into a field near Shanksville , Pennsylvania , after its passengers tried to overcome the hijackers .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	In total , almost 3,000 people died in the attacks , including the 227 civilians and 19 hijackers aboard the four planes .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Suspicion quickly fell on al-Qaeda .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Although the group 's leader , Osama bin Laden , initially denied any involvement , in 2004 he claimed responsibility for the attacks .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Al-Qaeda and bin Laden cited U.S. support of Israel , the presence of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , and sanctions against Iraq as motives for the attacks .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	The United States responded to the attacks by launching the War on Terror and invading Afghanistan to depose the Taliban , which had harbored al-Qaeda .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Many countries strengthened their anti-terrorism legislation and expanded law enforcement powers .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Having evaded capture for years , bin Laden was located and killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	The destruction of the Twin Towers and other properties caused serious damage to the economy of Lower Manhattan and had a significant effect on global markets .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Cleanup of the World Trade Center site was completed in May 2002 , and the Pentagon was repaired within a year .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	Numerous memorials have been constructed , including the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in New York , the Pentagon Memorial , and the Flight 93 National Memorial in Pennsylvania .	0
what is 9/11 bombings	After a lengthy delay , the One World Trade Center is expected to be completed at Ground Zero in New York City in 2013 .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Sam , a rhesus monkey , flew to an altitude of 88 km in 1959 .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	( NASA )	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Before humans went into space , several animals were launched into space , including numerous monkeys , so that scientists could investigate the biological effects of space travel .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	The United States launched flights containing primate cargo primarily between 1948-1961 with one flight in 1969 and one in 1985 .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	France launched two monkey-carrying flights in 1967 .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	The Soviet Union and Russia launched monkeys between 1983 and 1996 .	1
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Most monkeys were anesthetized before lift-off .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Overall thirty-two monkeys flew in the space program ; none flew more than once .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Numerous back-up monkeys also went through the programs but never flew .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Monkeys from several species were used , including rhesus monkeys , cynomolgus monkeys , squirrel monkeys , and pig-tailed macaques .	0
what year did the last monkeys go into space	Some chimpanzees ( which are apes rather than monkeys ) were also used .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	White and red flags , representing Iraqi and American deaths , sit in the grass quadrangle of The Valley Library on the Corvallis , Oregon , campus of Oregon State University .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	As part of the traveling Iraq Body Count exhibit from 2008 to 2009 ( not related to Iraq Body Count project ) , the flags aim to `` raise awareness of the human cost of the Iraq War . ''	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	( May 2008 )	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Casualties of the conflict in Iraq since 2003 ( beginning with the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and continuing with the ensuing occupation of Iraq , as well as the activities of the various armed groups operating in the country ) have come in many forms , and the accuracy of the information available on different types of Iraq War casualties varies greatly .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	The table below summarizes various estimates of the Iraqi casualty figures .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	For troops in the U.S.-led multinational coalition , the death toll is carefully tracked and updated daily , and the names and photographs of those killed in action as well as in accidents have been published widely .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	A total of 4,486 U.S. soldiers were killed in Iraq between 2003 and 2012 .	1
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Regarding the Iraqis , however , information on both military and civilian casualties is both less precise and less consistent .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Estimates of casualty levels are available from reporters on the scene , from officials of involved organizations , and from groups that summarize information on incidents reported in the news media .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	The word `` casualties `` in its most general sense includes the injured as well as the dead .	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Accounts of the number of coalition wounded vary widely , partly because it is not obvious what should be counted : should only those injuries serious enough to put a soldier out of commission be included ?	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Do illnesses or injuries caused by accidents count , or should the focus be restricted to wounds caused by hostile engagement ?	0
how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war	Sources using different definitions may arrive at very different numbers , and sometimes the precise definition is not clearly specified .	0
how often do elk have sex	The elk or wapiti ( Cervus canadensis ) is one of the largest species of deer in the world , and one of the largest land mammals in North America and eastern Asia .	0
how often do elk have sex	It was long believed to be a subspecies of the European red deer ( Cervus elaphus ) , but evidence from a 2004 study of the mitochondrial DNA indicates that the two are distinct species .	0
how often do elk have sex	This animal should not be confused with the larger moose ( Alces alces ) , to which the name `` elk '' applies in Eurasia .	0
how often do elk have sex	Apart from the moose , the only other member of the deer family to rival the elk in size is the south Asian sambar ( Rusa unicolor ) .	0
how often do elk have sex	Elk range in forest and forest-edge habitat , feeding on grasses , plants , leaves , and bark .	0
how often do elk have sex	Although native to North America and eastern Asia , they have adapted well to countries where they have been introduced , including Argentina , Australia , and New Zealand .	0
how often do elk have sex	Their great adaptability may threaten endemic species and ecosystems into which they have been introduced .	0
how often do elk have sex	Male elk have large antlers which are shed each year .	0
how often do elk have sex	Males also engage in ritualized mating behaviors during the rut , including posturing , antler wrestling ( sparring ) , and bugling , a loud series of vocalizations which establishes dominance over other males and attracts females .	1
how often do elk have sex	Elk are susceptible to a number of infectious diseases , some of which can be transmitted to livestock .	0
how often do elk have sex	Efforts to eliminate infectious diseases from elk populations , largely through vaccination , have had mixed success .	0
how often do elk have sex	Some cultures revere the elk as a spiritual force .	0
how often do elk have sex	In parts of Asia , antlers and their velvet are used in traditional medicines .	0
how often do elk have sex	Elk are hunted as a game species ; the meat is leaner and higher in protein than beef or chicken .	0
what is the kanji for language	Kanji ( ; ) are the adopted logographic Chinese characters ( hanzi ) that are used in the modern Japanese writing system along with hiragana ( ひらがな , ) , katakana ( カタカナ , ) , Hindu-Arabic numerals , and the occasional use of the Latin alphabet .	1
what is the kanji for language	The Japanese term kanji ( ) for the Chinese characters literally means `` Han characters '' and is written using the same characters as the Chinese hanzi ( ) .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	A contingent fee ( in the United States ) or conditional fee ( in England and Wales ) is any fee for services provided where the fee is payable only if there is a favourable result .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	In the law , it is defined as a `` fee charged for a lawyer 's services only if the lawsuit is successful or is favorably settled out of court ... .	1
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	Contingent fees are usually calculated as a percentage of the client 's net recovery . ''	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	In the English legal system , it is generally referred to as no win no fee .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	A conditional fee agreement between a law firm and a client .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	The usual form of this agreement is that the solicitor will take a law case on the understanding that if lost , no payment is made .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	However , if the case is won , the lawyer will be entitled to the normal fee based on hourly billing , plus a success fee .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	The success fee in England must be as a percentage no greater than 100 % of the normal fee .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	This contrasts with the contingency fee in the US , which gives the successful attorney a percentage of the damages awarded in favor of his client .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	This makes it easier for the poor to pursue their civil rights since otherwise , to sue someone for a tort , one must first be wealthy enough to pursue such litigation in the first place .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	However , because of the high risk , few attorneys will take cases on a contingency basis unless they feel the case has good merit .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	According to a 2004 book by law professor Herbert Kritzer , contingent fees were allowed as of that year in the following countries : Australia , Brazil , Canada , the Dominican Republic , France , Greece , Ireland , Japan , New Zealand , the United Kingdom and the United States .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	They are also allowed in personal injury actions in Lithuania .	0
what is a contingent fee with an attorney	Recently , they have been allowed in Belgium as well .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The National Hockey League ( NHL ; ) is an `` unincorporated not-for-profit association '' which operates a major professional ice hockey league of 30 franchised member clubs , of which seven are currently located in Canada and 23 in the United States .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	Headquartered in New York City , the NHL is widely considered to be the premier professional ice hockey league in the world , and one of the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The Stanley Cup , the oldest professional sports trophy in North America , is awarded annually to the league playoff champion at the end of each season .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The league was organized on November 26 , 1917 , in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , after the suspension of operations of its predecessor organization , the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) , which had been founded in 1909 .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	It started with four teams and , through a series of expansions , contractions , and relocations , the league is now composed of 30 active franchises .	1
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The nation to which the name of the league originally referred was Canada , although the league has now been binational since 1924 when it expanded into the United States .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	After a labour dispute that led to the cancellation of the entire 2004–05 season , the league resumed play under a new collective bargaining agreement that included a salary cap .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	In 2009 , the NHL enjoyed record highs in terms of sponsorships , attendance , and television audiences .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	The NHL draws many highly skilled players from all over the world and currently has players from about 20 different countries .	0
how many professional hockey teams in canada	Although Canadians have historically constituted the majority of the players in the NHL , over the past four plus decades the percentages of US and European players have increased both because of the NHL 's continued expansion from six to thirty clubs since 1967 , and the increased availability of highly skilled European players .	0
who passed no child left behind	President Bush signing the No Child Left Behind Act at Hamilton H.S . in Hamilton , Ohio .	1
who passed no child left behind	The No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 ( NCLB ) is a United States Act of Congress that is a reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , which included Title I , the government 's flagship aid program for disadvantaged students .	0
who passed no child left behind	NCLB supports standards-based education reform based on the premise that setting high standards and establishing measurable goals can improve individual outcomes in education .	0
who passed no child left behind	The Act requires states to develop assessments in basic skills .	0
who passed no child left behind	States must give these assessments to all students at select grade levels in order to receive federal school funding .	0
who passed no child left behind	The Act does not assert a national achievement standard ; standards are set by each individual state .	0
who passed no child left behind	NCLB expanded the federal role in public education through annual testing , annual academic progress , report cards , teacher qualifications , and funding changes .	0
who passed no child left behind	The bill passed in the U.S. Congress with bipartisan support .	0
who owns joe 's crab shack	A Joe 's Crab Shack branch in San Diego , CA .	0
who owns joe 's crab shack	The building was initially a rowing club and was later converted into the restaurant .	0
who owns joe 's crab shack	Joe 's Crab Shack is an American chain of beach-themed seafood casual dining restaurants owned by Ignite Restaurant Group .	1
who owns joe 's crab shack	Founded in Houston , Texas , the restaurant now operates locations all across the United States of America .	0
who owns joe 's crab shack	It serves seafood and American cuisine .	0
who owns joe 's crab shack	The restaurants also have a gift shop that sells facetious t-shirts featuring phrases advertising Joe 's seafood choices .	0
who owns joe 's crab shack	It is based in Houston , Texas .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	South Africa has eleven official languages : Afrikaans , English , Ndebele , Northern Sotho , Sotho , Swazi , Tswana , Tsonga , Venda , Xhosa and Zulu .	1
what languages are spoken in south africa	Fewer than two percent of South Africans speak a first language other than an official one .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Most South Africans can speak more than one language .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Dutch and English were the first official languages of South Africa from 1910 to 1925 .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Afrikaans was added as a part of Dutch in 1925 .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Dutch was replaced by Afrikaans when South Africa became a republic in 1961 , and Dutch was dropped in 1983 , so between 1983 and 1994 , South Africa had two official languages : English and Afrikaans .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	The English version of the South African constitution refers to the languages by the names in those languages : isiZulu , isiXhosa , Afrikaans , Sepedi ( referring to Northern Sotho ) , Setswana , English , Sesotho ( referring to Southern Sotho ) , Xitsonga , Siswati , Tshivenda and isiNdebele ( referring to Southern Ndebele ) .	1
what languages are spoken in south africa	In South Africa , Southern Ndebele is known simply as Ndebele , as most speakers of Northern Ndebele live in Zimbabwe .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	The 1993 version of the Constitution referred to Northern Sotho as Sesotho sa Leboa , but the 1996 version referred to the language as Sepedi .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Different government departments and official bodies use different terms to denote Northern Sotho .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	The main language of government is English even if South Africans often take pride in using indigenous languages for any purpose .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Afrikaans also features prominently in commerce together with English as the languages with the highest number of fluent speakers are Afrikaans and English .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	In terms of linguistic classification , the official languages include two West-Germanic languages ( English and Afrikaans ) and nine Bantu languages .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Four of these are Nguni languages ( Zulu , Xhosa , Swati and Ndebele ) and three are Sotho–Tswana languages ( Northern Sotho , Southern Sotho and Tswana ) .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	Tsonga is a Tswa–Ronga language .	0
what languages are spoken in south africa	South African Sign Language is a distinct though incompletely emerged national standard language which also subsumes a cluster of semi-standardised dialects .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	This article deals with medicine as practiced by trained professionals from ancient times to the present .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The ancient Egyptians had a system of medicine that was very advanced for its time and influenced later medical traditions .	1
who was the first one to invent medicine	The Egyptians and Babylonians both introduced the concepts of diagnosis , prognosis , and medical examination .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The Greeks went even further , and advanced as well medical ethics .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The Hippocratic Oath , still taken by doctors today , was written in Greece in the 5th century BCE .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	In the medieval era , surgical practices inherited from the ancient masters were improved and then systematized in Rogerius 's The Practice of Surgery .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	Universities began systematic training of physicians around the years 1220 in Italy .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	During the Renaissance , understanding of anatomy improved , and the microscope was invented .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The germ theory of disease in the 19th century led to cures for many infectious diseases .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	Military doctors advanced the methods of trauma treatment and surgery .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	Public health measures were developed especially in the 19th century as the rapid growth of cities required systematic sanitary measures .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	Advanced research centers opened in the early 20th century , often connected with major hospitals .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The mid-20th century was characterized by new biological treatments , such as antibiotics .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	These advancements , along with developments in chemistry , genetics , and lab technology ( such as the x-ray ) led to modern medicine .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	Medicine was heavily professionalized in the 20th century , and new careers opened to women as nurses ( from the 1870s ) and as physicians ( especially after 1970 ) .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The 21st century is characterized by very advanced research involving numerous fields of science .	0
who was the first one to invent medicine	The Hippocratic Corpus , is a collection of early medical works from ancient Greece strongly associated with the ancient Greek physician Hippocrates and his teachings .	0
what composer used sound mass	A texture may be arranged so as to , `` closely approach the single-object status of fused-ensemble timbres , for example , the beautiful 'northern lights ' chord ... , in a very interesting distribution of pitches , produces a fused sound supported by a suspended cymbal roll `` ( Erickson ( 1975 ) , p.166 & 168 ) .	0
what composer used sound mass	In contrast to more traditional musical textures , sound mass composition `` minimizes the importance of individual pitches in preference for texture , timbre , and dynamics as primary shapers of gesture and impact . ''	0
what composer used sound mass	Developed from the modernist tone clusters and spread to orchestral writing by the late 1950s and 1960s , sound-mass `` obscures the boundary between sound and noise `` ( Edwards 2001 , pp . 326–27 ) .	0
what composer used sound mass	Techniques which may create or be used with sound mass include extended techniques such as muted brass or strings , flutter tonguing , wide vibrato , extreme ranges , and glissandos .	0
what composer used sound mass	Composers and works include Barbara Kolb , Pauline Oliveros ' Sound Patterns for chorus ( 1961 ) , Norma Beecroft 's From Dreams of Brass for chorus ( 1963–1964 ) , and Nancy Van de Vate .	1
what composer used sound mass	Beecroft `` blurs individual pitches in favor of a collective timbre through the use of vocal and instrumental clusters , choral speech , narrator , and a wash of sounds from an electronic tape . ''	0
what composer used sound mass	( ibid )	0
what composer used sound mass	A very early example is the opening of Jean-Féry Rebel 's ballet Les Elémens ( 1737–38 ) , where chaos is represented by a gradually cumulating orchestral cluster of all seven notes of the D minor scale ( Henck 2004 , pp . 52–54 ) .	1
what composer used sound mass	A later example is the third movement of Ruth Crawford Seeger 's String Quartet 1931 ( Nonesuch H-71280 ) while more recently Phill Niblock 's multiple drone based music serves as an example .	1
what composer used sound mass	The use of `` chords approaching timbres '' begins with Debussy and Edgard Varèse often carefully scored individual instrumental parts so that they would fuse into one ensemble timbre or sound mass ( Erickson 1975 , pp . 18 and 21 ) .	1
what composer used sound mass	Other examples include European `` textural '' compositions of the fifties and sixties such as Krzysztof Penderecki 's Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima ( 1959 ) and György Ligeti 's works featuring micropolyphony in works like Atmosphères ( 1961 ) and his Requiem ( 1963-65 ) .	1
what composer used sound mass	Other composers with works using this technique include Henryk Górecki , Karel Husa , Witold Lutosławski , Kazimierz Serocki , and Steven Stucky .	1
what composer used sound mass	Sound mass techniques also appear in the music of George Crumb ( Anon . n.d. ) .	1
where is shropshire , uk	Shropshire ( or ; alternatively Salop ; abbreviated , in print only , Shrops ) is a county in the West Midlands region of England .	1
where is shropshire , uk	It borders Wales to the west , Cheshire to the north , Staffordshire to the east , Worcestershire to the south-east and Herefordshire to the south .	0
where is shropshire , uk	A unitary authority ( Shropshire Council ) was created on 1 April 2009 , taking over from the previous county council and 5 district councils , and covers most of the county .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The borough of Telford and Wrekin has been a separate unitary authority since 1998 but continues to be included in the ceremonial county .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The county 's population and economy is centred on five towns : the county town of Shrewsbury , which is culturally and historically important and is located in the centre of the county ; Telford , a new town in the east which was constructed around a number of older towns , most notably Wellington , Dawley and Madeley , which is today the most populous ; and Oswestry in the north-west , Bridgnorth just to the south of Telford , and Ludlow in the south .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The county has many further market towns , including Whitchurch in the north , Newport just to the north-east of Telford , and Market Drayton in the north-east of the county .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The Ironbridge Gorge area is a UNESCO World Heritage Site , covering Ironbridge , Coalbrookdale and a part of Madeley .	0
where is shropshire , uk	There are , additionally , other notable historic industrial sites located around the county , such as at Shrewsbury , Broseley , Snailbeach and Highley as well as the Shropshire Union Canal .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty covers about a quarter of the county , mainly in the south .	0
where is shropshire , uk	Shropshire is one of England 's most rural and sparsely populated counties , with the population density of the Shropshire Council area being just 91/km2 ( 337/sq mi ) .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The Wrekin is one of the most famous natural landmarks in the county , though the highest hills are the Clee Hills , Stiperstones and the Long Mynd .	0
where is shropshire , uk	Wenlock Edge is another significant geographical and geological landmark .	0
where is shropshire , uk	In the low-lying northwest of the county ( and overlapping the border with Wales ) is the Fenn 's , Whixall and Bettisfield Mosses National Nature Reserve , one of the most important and best preserved bogs in Britain .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The River Severn , Great Britain 's longest river , runs through the county , exiting into Worcestershire via the Severn Valley .	0
where is shropshire , uk	Shropshire is landlocked , and with an area of , is England 's largest inland county .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The county flower is the round-leaved sundew .	0
where is shropshire , uk	For Eurostat purposes , the county ( less the unitary district of Telford and Wrekin ) is a NUTS 3 region ( code UKG22 ) .	0
where is shropshire , uk	The two Shropshire unitary areas ( covering all of the ceremonial county ) , together with the authorities covering the ceremonial county of Staffordshire , comprise the `` Shropshire and Staffordshire '' NUTS 2 region .	0
what branch of the military is delta force	1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta ( 1st SFOD-D ) , popularly known as Delta Force , is one of the United States ' four secretive tier-one counter-terrorism and Special Mission Units .	0
what branch of the military is delta force	It was formerly listed as the Combat Applications Group by the Department of Defense but has since been officially re-designated the Army Compartmented Elements ( ACE ) .	1
what branch of the military is delta force	While 1st SFOD-D is administratively supported by USASOC , it falls under the operational control of the Joint Special Operations Command .	0
what branch of the military is delta force	Delta Force and its Navy counterpart , the Naval Special Warfare Development Group , are the United States military 's primary counter-terrorism units .	0
what branch of the military is delta force	Delta Force 's primary tasks are counter-terrorism , direct action , and national intervention operations , although it is an extremely versatile group capable of conducting many types of covert missions , including , but not limited to , hostage rescues and raids .	0
what branch of the military is delta force	The Central Intelligence Agency 's highly secretive Special Activities Division ( SAD ) and more specifically its elite Special Operations Group ( SOG ) often works with – and recruits – operators from Delta Force .	0
when was raphael born	Raffaello Sanzio da Urbino ( April 6 or March 28 , 1483 – April 6 , 1520 ) , better known simply as Raphael , was an Italian painter and architect of the High Renaissance .	1
when was raphael born	His work is admired for its clarity of form and ease of composition and for its visual achievement of the Neoplatonic ideal of human grandeur .	0
when was raphael born	Together with Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci , he forms the traditional trinity of great masters of that period .	0
when was raphael born	Raphael was enormously productive , running an unusually large workshop , and despite his death at 37 , a large body of his work remains .	0
when was raphael born	Many of his works are found in the Vatican Palace , where the frescoed Raphael Rooms were the central , and the largest , work of his career .	0
when was raphael born	The best known work is The School of Athens in the Vatican Stanza della Segnatura .	0
when was raphael born	After his early years in Rome much of his work was self-designed , but for the most part executed by the workshop from his drawings , with considerable loss of quality .	0
when was raphael born	He was extremely influential in his lifetime , though outside Rome his work was mostly known from his collaborative printmaking .	0
when was raphael born	After his death , the influence of his great rival Michelangelo was more widespread until the 18th and 19th centuries , when Raphael 's more serene and harmonious qualities were again regarded as the highest models .	0
when was raphael born	His career falls naturally into three phases and three styles , first described by Giorgio Vasari : his early years in Umbria , then a period of about four years ( from 1504–1508 ) absorbing the artistic traditions of Florence , followed by his last hectic and triumphant twelve years in Rome , working for two Popes and their close associates .	0
what is the prognosis of stomach cancer	Stomach cancer , or gastric cancer , refers to cancer arising from any part of the stomach .	0
what is the prognosis of stomach cancer	Stomach cancer causes about 800,000 deaths worldwide per year .	0
what is the prognosis of stomach cancer	Prognosis is poor ( 5-year survival < 5 to 15 % ) because most patients present with advanced disease .	1
what year lord of rings made ?	The Lord of the Rings is an epic high fantasy novel written by English philologist and University of Oxford professor J. R. R. Tolkien .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The story began as a sequel to Tolkien 's 1937 children 's fantasy novel The Hobbit , but eventually developed into a much larger work .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	It was written in stages between 1937 and 1949 , much of it during World War II .	1
what year lord of rings made ?	It is the second best-selling novel ever written , with over 150 million copies sold .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The title of the novel refers to the story 's main antagonist , the Dark Lord Sauron , who had in an earlier age created the One Ring to rule the other Rings of Power as the ultimate weapon in his campaign to conquer and rule all of Middle-earth .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	From quiet beginnings in the Shire , a Hobbit land not unlike the English countryside , the story ranges across north-west Middle-earth , following the course of the War of the Ring through the eyes of its characters , notably the hobbits Frodo Baggins , Samwise `` Sam '' Gamgee , Meriadoc `` Merry '' Brandybuck and Peregrin `` Pippin '' Took , but also the hobbits ' chief allies and travelling companions : Aragorn , a Human Ranger ; Boromir , a man from Gondor ; Gimli , a Dwarf warrior ; Legolas , an Elven prince ; and Gandalf , a Wizard .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The work was initially intended by Tolkien to be one volume of a two-volume set , with the other being The Silmarillion , but this idea was dismissed by his publisher .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	It was decided for economic reasons to publish The Lord of the Rings as three volumes over the course of a year from 29 July 1954 to 20 October 1955 , thus creating the now familiar Lord of the Rings trilogy .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The three volumes were entitled The Fellowship of the Ring , The Two Towers , and The Return of the King .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	Structurally , the novel is divided internally into six books , two per volume , with several appendices of background material included at the end of the third volume .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The Lord of the Rings has since been reprinted numerous times and translated into many languages .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	Tolkien 's work has been the subject of extensive analysis of its themes and origins .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	Although a major work in itself , the story was only the last movement of a larger epic Tolkien had worked on since 1917 , in a process he described as mythopoeia .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	Influences on this earlier work , and on the story of The Lord of the Rings , include philology , mythology , religion and the author 's distaste for the effects of industrialization , as well as earlier fantasy works and Tolkien 's experiences in World War I .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The Lord of the Rings in its turn is considered to have had a great effect on modern fantasy ; the impact of Tolkien 's works is such that the use of the words `` Tolkienian '' and `` Tolkienesque '' have been recorded in the Oxford English Dictionary .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The enduring popularity of The Lord of the Rings has led to numerous references in popular culture , the founding of many societies by fans of Tolkien 's works , and the publication of many books about Tolkien and his works .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	The Lord of the Rings has inspired , and continues to inspire , artwork , music , films and television , video games , and subsequent literature .	0
what year lord of rings made ?	Award-winning adaptations of The Lord of the Rings have been made for radio , theatre , and film .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	The 2010 Haiti earthquake was a catastrophic magnitude 7.0 Mw earthquake , with an epicenter near the town of Léogâne ( Ouest Department ) , approximately west of Port-au-Prince , Haiti 's capital .	1
what kind of earthquake was haiti	The earthquake occurred at 16:53 local time ( 21:53 UTC ) on Tuesday , 12 January 2010 .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	By 24 January , at least 52 aftershocks measuring 4.5 or greater had been recorded .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	An estimated three million people were affected by the quake .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	The highest reliable death count was estimated at 220,000 .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Haitian government estimates were higher .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	The government of Haiti estimated that 250,000 residences and 30,000 commercial buildings had collapsed or were severely damaged .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	The earthquake caused major damage in Port-au-Prince , Jacmel and other settlements in the region .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Many notable landmark buildings were significantly damaged or destroyed , including the Presidential Palace , the National Assembly building , the Port-au-Prince Cathedral , and the main jail .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Among those killed were Archbishop of Port-au-Prince Joseph Serge Miot , and opposition leader Micha Gaillard .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	The headquarters of the United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) , located in the capital , collapsed , killing many , including the Mission 's Chief , Hédi Annabi .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Many countries responded to appeals for humanitarian aid , pledging funds and dispatching rescue and medical teams , engineers and support personnel .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Communication systems , air , land , and sea transport facilities , hospitals , and electrical networks had been damaged by the earthquake , which hampered rescue and aid efforts ; confusion over who was in charge , air traffic congestion , and problems with prioritisation of flights further complicated early relief work .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Port-au-Prince 's morgues were overwhelmed with tens of thousands of bodies .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	These had to be buried in mass graves .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	As rescues tailed off , supplies , medical care and sanitation became priorities .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	Delays in aid distribution led to angry appeals from aid workers and survivors , and looting and sporadic violence were observed .	0
what kind of earthquake was haiti	On 22 January the United Nations noted that the emergency phase of the relief operation was drawing to a close , and on the following day the Haitian government officially called off the search for survivors .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Mariah Carey ( born March 27 , 1970 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , actress , and philanthropist .	1
what culture is mariah carey	Under the guidance of Columbia Records executive Tommy Mottola , Carey released her self-titled debut studio album Mariah Carey in 1990 ; it went multi-platinum and spawned four consecutive number one singles on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Following her marriage to Mottola in 1993 and success with hit records Emotions ( 1991 ) , Music Box ( 1993 ) , and Merry Christmas ( 1994 ) , Carey was established as Columbia 's highest-selling act .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Daydream ( 1995 ) made music history when its second single `` One Sweet Day `` , a duet with Boyz II Men , spent a record sixteen weeks on top of the Billboard Hot 100 , and remains the longest-running number-one song in U.S. chart history .	0
what culture is mariah carey	During the recording of the album , Carey began to deviate from her R & B and pop beginnings and slowly traversed into hip hop .	0
what culture is mariah carey	This musical change became evident with the release of Butterfly ( 1997 ) , at which time Carey had separated from Mottola .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Carey left Columbia in 2000 , and signed a record-breaking $ 100 million recording contract with Virgin Records .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Before the release of her first feature film Glitter ( 2001 ) , she suffered a physical and emotional breakdown and was hospitalized for severe exhaustion .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Following the film 's poor reception , she was bought out of her recording contract for $ 50 million , which led to a decline in her career .	0
what culture is mariah carey	She signed a multi-million dollar contract deal with Island Records in 2002 , and after an unsuccessful period , returned to the top of music charts with The Emancipation of Mimi ( 2005 ) .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Its second single `` We Belong Together `` became her most successful single of the 2000s , and was later named `` Song of the Decade '' by Billboard .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Carey once again ventured into film with a well-received starring role in ( 2009 ) ; she was awarded the `` Breakthrough Performance Award '' at the Palm Springs International Film Festival , and Black Reel and NAACP Image Award nominations .	0
what culture is mariah carey	In a career spanning over two decades , Carey has sold more than 200 million records worldwide , making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time .	0
what culture is mariah carey	In 1998 , she was honored as the world 's best-selling recording artist of the 1990s at the World Music Awards .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Carey was also named the best-selling female artist of the millennium in 2000 .	0
what culture is mariah carey	According to the Recording Industry Association of America , she is the third best-selling female artist in the United States , with 63.5 million certified albums .	0
what culture is mariah carey	With the release of `` Touch My Body `` ( 2008 ) , Carey gained her eighteenth number one single in the United States , more than any other solo artist .	0
what culture is mariah carey	In 2012 , Carey was ranked second on VH1 's list of the `` 100 Greatest Women in Music '' .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Aside from her commercial accomplishments , Carey has won five Grammy Awards , 17 World Music Awards , 11 American Music Awards , and 31 Billboard Music Awards .	0
what culture is mariah carey	Referred to as the `` songbird supreme '' by the Guinness World Records , she is famed for her five-octave vocal range , power , melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register .	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	Surface temperature of Antarctica in winter and summer from the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	The climate of Antarctica is the coldest on the whole of Earth .	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	Antarctica has the lowest naturally occurring temperature ever recorded on the ground on Earth : −89.2 °C ( −128.6 °F ) at Vostok Station .	1
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	It is also extremely dry ( technically a desert ) , averaging 166 mm ( 6.5 in ) of precipitation per year .	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	Even so , on most parts of the continent the snow rarely melts and is eventually compressed to become the glacial ice that makes up the ice sheet .	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	Weather fronts rarely penetrate far into the continent .	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	Most of Antarctica has an ice cap climate ( Köppen EF ) with very cold , generally extremely dry weather throughout the year and no month averaging above 0 °C ( 32 °F ) .	0
what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica	Some fringe coastal areas have a tundra climate ( Köppen ET ) with a short summer averaging above freezing , and much higher precipitation .	0
where did the vietnamese settle in america	A Vietnamese American ( ) is an American of Vietnamese descent .	0
where did the vietnamese settle in america	They make up about half of all overseas Vietnamese ( Người Việt Hải Ngoại ) and are the fourth-largest Asian American group .	0
where did the vietnamese settle in america	Mass Vietnamese immigration to the United States started after 1975 , after the end of the Vietnam War .	0
where did the vietnamese settle in america	Early immigrants were refugee boat people fleeing persecution or poverty .	0
where did the vietnamese settle in america	Forced to flee from their homeland and often thrust into poor urban neighborhoods , these newcomers have nevertheless managed to establish strong communities in a short amount of time .	0
where did the vietnamese settle in america	More than sixty percent of Vietnamese Americans reside in the states of California , Texas , Washington , Florida , and Virginia .	1
how south african leaders are elected	The President of the Republic of South Africa is the head of state and head of government under South Africa 's Constitution .	0
how south african leaders are elected	From 1961 to 1994 , the head of state was called the State President .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The President is elected by members of the National Assembly , the lower house of Parliament , and is usually the leader of the largest party , which has been the African National Congress since the first non-racial elections were held on 27 April 1994 .	1
how south african leaders are elected	The role was originally founded to be distinct from the now defunct role of prime minister , but the two roles were merged in the 1983 constitution which specified a four-year term of office .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The 1993 and later constitutions limits the president 's time in office to two five-year terms .	0
how south african leaders are elected	The first President to be elected under the new constitution was Nelson Mandela , and the incumbent president is Jacob Zuma .	0
how south african leaders are elected	Under the interim Constitution ( valid from 1994 to 1996 ) , there was a Government of National Unity , in which an MP from the largest opposition party was entitled to a position as Deputy President .	0
how south african leaders are elected	Along with Thabo Mbeki , the last State President , F.W . De Klerk also served as Deputy President , in his capacity as the leader of the National Party which was the second-largest party in the new Parliament .	0
how south african leaders are elected	But De Klerk later resigned and went into opposition with his party .	0
how south african leaders are elected	A voluntary coalition government continues to exist under the new constitution ( adopted in 1996 ) , although there have been no appointments of opposition politicians to the post of deputy president .	0
who wrote nature boy	`` Nature Boy '' is a song by Eden Ahbez , published in 1947 .	1
who wrote nature boy	The song tells a fantasy of a `` strange enchanted boy ... who wandered very far '' only to learn that `` the greatest thing ... was just to love and be loved in return '' .	0
who wrote nature boy	Nat King Cole 's 1948 recording of the song was a major hit and `` Nature Boy '' has since become a pop and jazz standard , with dozens of major artists interpreting the song .	0
who is heisman trophy named after	The Heisman Memorial Trophy Award ( usually known colloquially as the Heisman Trophy or the Heisman ) , is awarded annually to the player deemed the most outstanding player in collegiate football .	0
who is heisman trophy named after	It was created in 1935 as the Downtown Athletic Club trophy and renamed in 1936 following the death of the Club 's athletic director , John Heisman ( former Brown University and University of Pennsylvania player ; head football coach at Oberlin College , Auburn University , Clemson University , Rice University , and the University of Pennsylvania ; and football , basketball , and baseball head coach and athletic director at Georgia Tech ) .	1
who is heisman trophy named after	The award is presented by the Heisman Trophy Trust in early December before the postseason bowl games .	0
who is heisman trophy named after	It is the oldest of several overall awards in college football , including the Maxwell Award , Walter Camp Award , and the AP Player of the Year .	0
who is heisman trophy named after	The Heisman and the AP Player of the Year are the only awards to honor the most outstanding player , while the Maxwell Award and Walter Camp Award recognize the best player , and the Archie Griffin Award recognizes the most valuable player .	0
what fantasy american football means	Fantasy football is an interactive competition in which users compete against each other as general managers of virtual teams .	1
what fantasy american football means	The players that an individual is able to manage are professional American football players in the National Football League .	0
what fantasy american football means	The different actions people are able to make are drafting , trading , adding or dropping players , and changing rosters .	0
what fantasy american football means	Due to the growth of the Internet , Fantasy football has vastly increased in popularity , particularly because Fantasy football providers such as ESPN , Yahoo , CBS , and the NFL itself are able to keep track of statistics entirely online , eliminating the need to check box scores and newspapers regularly to keep track of players .	0
what fantasy american football means	Most leagues have a single week championship in Week 16 of the NFL season .	0
what came first army or air force	The United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF or AAF ) was the military aviation arm of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II , and the direct predecessor of the United States Air Force .	0
what came first army or air force	The AAF was a component of the United States Army , which in 1942 was divided functionally by executive order into three autonomous forces : the Army Ground Forces , the Services of Supply ( which in 1943 became the Army Service Forces ) , and the AAF .	1
what came first army or air force	Each of these forces had a commanding general who reported directly to the Chief of Staff of the United States Army .	0
what came first army or air force	The AAF administered all parts of military aviation formerly distributed among the Army Air Corps , General Headquarters Air Force , and ground forces corps area commanders , and thus became the first air organization of the U.S. Army to control its own installations and support personnel .	0
what came first army or air force	In practice , the AAF was virtually autonomous inside the Army .	0
what came first army or air force	The peak size of the AAF was over 2.4 million men and women in service and nearly 80,000 aircraft in 1944 , and 783 domestic bases in December 1943 .	0
what came first army or air force	By VE Day it had 1.25 million men stationed overseas and operated from more than 1,600 airfields worldwide .	0
what came first army or air force	The Air Corps became the Army Air Forces in June 1941 to provide the air arm a greater autonomy in which to expand more efficiently , and to provide a structure for the additional command echelons required by a vastly increased force .	0
what came first army or air force	Although other nations already had separate air forces independent of the army or navy ( such as the British Royal Air Force and the German Luftwaffe ) , the AAF remained a part of the United States Army until the United States Air Force came into being in September 1947 .	0
what came first army or air force	However , in its expansion and conduct of the war , the AAF became more than just an arm of the greater organization .	0
what came first army or air force	By the end of World War II the AAF had become virtually an independent service .	0
what came first army or air force	By regulation and executive order , the AAF was a subordinate agency of the War Department tasked only with organizing , training , and equipping combat units , limited in responsibility to the continental United States , as were the Army Ground Forces and the Army Service Forces .	0
what came first army or air force	In reality , Headquarters AAF controlled the conduct of all aspects of the air war in every part of the world , determining air policy and issuing orders without transmitting them through the Chief of Staff .	0
what came first army or air force	This `` contrast between theory and fact is ... fundamental to an understanding of the AAF . ''	0
what is a mule in coins	An example of a Heraclius mule	0
what is a mule in coins	In numismatics , a mule is a coin or medal minted with obverse and reverse designs not normally seen on the same piece .	1
what is a mule in coins	These can be intentional or produced by error .	0
what is a mule in coins	This type of error is highly sought after , and examples can fetch steep prices from collectors .	0
what is a mule in coins	The earliest mules are found among ancient Greek and Roman coins .	0
what is a mule in coins	Opinion is divided between those who think that they are accidental , the result of an incorrect combination of a new die with one that had officially been withdrawn from use , or the work of coiners working with dies stolen from an official mint , perhaps at a time when one of them should have been destroyed .	0
what is a mule in coins	The name derives from the mule , the hybrid offspring of a horse and a donkey , due to such a coin having two sides intended for different coins , much as a mule has parents of two different species .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	The Spanish language is the second most used language in the United States .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	There are more Spanish speakers in the United States than there are speakers of Chinese , French , German , Italian , Hawaiian , and the Native American languages combined .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	According to the 2010 American Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau , Spanish is the primary language spoken at home by almost 37 million people aged five or older , a figure more than double that of 1990 .	1
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	There are 45 million Hispanophones who speak Spanish as a first or second language , as well as six million Spanish language students , composing the largest national Spanish-speaking community outside of Mexico and making Spanish the Romance language and the Indo-European language with largest number of native speakers in the world .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	Roughly half of all U.S. Spanish speakers also speak English `` very well , '' based on the self-assessment Census question respondents .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	The language came to the country since the 16th and 17th centuries with the arrival of Spanish colonists in areas that would later become the states of Florida , Texas , Colorado , New Mexico , Arizona , Nevada , Utah , and California and of the Spanish explorers - who explored areas of 42 states- .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	Also west of Louisiana Territory was Spanish between 1763 - 1800 ( year of the French recovery of territory ) , after the French and Indian War .	0
how many spanish speaking people are there in the us	After of the incorporation of these states to the U.S. in first half of 19th century , the Spanish language was later reinforced by the acquisition of Puerto Rico in 1898 and by later waves of the Hispanic emigration , basically from Hispanic America , to the United States beginning in the second half of 19th century until today .	0
what structure is disulfide bonds	In chemistry , a disulfide bond ( Br.E . disulphide bond ) is a covalent bond , usually derived by the coupling of two thiol groups .	1
what structure is disulfide bonds	The linkage is also called an SS-bond or disulfide bridge .	0
what structure is disulfide bonds	The overall connectivity is therefore R-S-S-R .	0
what structure is disulfide bonds	The terminology is widely used in biochemistry .	0
what structure is disulfide bonds	In formal terms , the connection is a persulfide , in analogy to its congener , peroxide ( R-O-O-R ) , but this terminology is obscure and is no longer used ( except in reference to R-S-S-H or H-S-S-H compounds ) .	0
what structure is disulfide bonds	Formal depiction of disulfide bond formation as an oxidation .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	World Muslim population by percentage ( Pew Research Center , 2009 )	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	World Muslim population in millions	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	Islam is the world 's second largest religion after Christianity .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	According to a 2010 study , Islam has 1.62 billion adherents , making up over 23 % of the world population .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	Islam is the predominant religion in the Middle East , in Sahel , in the Horn of Africa and northern Africa , and in some parts of Asia .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	Large communities of Muslims are also found in China , the Balkans , and Russia .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	Other parts of the world host large Muslim immigrant communities ; in Western Europe , for instance , Islam is the second largest religion after Christianity , where it represents 6 % of the total population .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	According to the Pew Research Center in 2010 there were 49 Muslim-majority countries .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	Around 62 % of the world 's Muslims live in South and Southeast Asia , with over 1 billion adherents .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	The largest Muslim country is Indonesia , home to 12.7 % of the world 's Muslims , followed by Pakistan ( 11.0 % ) , India ( 10.9 % ) , and Bangladesh ( 9.2 % ) .	1
what country has the most muslims in the world	About 20 % of Muslims live in Arab countries .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	In the Middle East , the non-Arab countries of Turkey and Iran are the largest Muslim-majority countries ; in Africa , Egypt and Nigeria have the most populous Muslim communities .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	A study conducted by the Pew Research Center in 2010 and released January 2011 found that there are 1.62 billion Muslims around the world .	0
what country has the most muslims in the world	The study found more Muslims in the United Kingdom than in Lebanon and more in China than in Syria .	0
what is an .msi file	The Windows Installer ( previously known as Microsoft Installer ) is a software component used for the installation , maintenance , and removal of software on modern Microsoft Windows systems .	1
what is an .msi file	The installation information , and often the files themselves , are packaged in installation packages , loosely relational databases structured as COM Structured Storages and commonly known as `` MSI files '' , from their default file extension .	0
what is an .msi file	Windows Installer contains significant changes from its predecessor , Setup API .	0
what is an .msi file	New features include a GUI framework and automatic generation of the uninstallation sequence .	0
what is an .msi file	Windows Installer is positioned as an alternative to stand-alone executable installer frameworks such as older versions of InstallShield and NSIS .	0
what is an .msi file	Microsoft encourages third parties to use Windows Installer as the basis for installation frameworks , so that they synchronize correctly with other installers and keep the internal database of installed products consistent .	0
what is an .msi file	Important features such as rollback and versioning depend on a consistent internal database for reliable operation .	0
what is an .msi file	Furthermore , Windows Installer facilitates the principle of least privilege by performing software installations by proxy for unprivileged users .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	Memphis is a city in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Tennessee , and the county seat of Shelby County .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	The city is located on the 4th Chickasaw Bluff , south of the confluence of the Wolf and Mississippi rivers .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	Memphis had a population of 672,277 in 2011 making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee , the largest city on the Mississippi River , the third largest in the Southeastern United States , and the 20th largest in the United States .	1
how many people live in memphis tennessee	The greater Memphis metropolitan area , including adjacent counties in Mississippi and Arkansas , had a 2010 population of 1,316,100 .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	This makes Memphis the second largest metropolitan area in Tennessee , surpassed only by metropolitan Nashville , which has overtaken Memphis in recent years .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	Memphis is the youngest of Tennessee 's major cities .	0
how many people live in memphis tennessee	A resident of Memphis is referred to as a Memphian , and the Memphis region is known , particularly to media outlets , as `` Memphis & The Mid-South `` .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Hollow Lacedaemon .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Site of the Menelaion , the shrine to Helen and Menelaus constructed anciently in the Bronze Age city that stood on the hill of Therapne on the left bank of the Eurotas River overlooking the future site of Dorian Sparta .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Across the valley the successive ridges of Mount Taygetus are in evidence .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta ( Doric Greek : ; Attic Greek : ) , or Lacedaemon , was a prominent city-state in ancient Greece , situated on the banks of the Eurotas River in Laconia , in south-eastern Peloponnese .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	It emerged as a political entity around the 10th century BC , when the invading Dorians subjugated the local , non-Dorian population .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Around 650 BC , it rose to become the dominant military land-power in ancient Greece .	1
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Given its military pre-eminence , Sparta was recognized as the overall leader of the combined Greek forces during the Greco-Persian Wars .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Between 431 and 404 BC , Sparta was the principal enemy of Athens during the Peloponnesian War , from which it emerged victorious , though at great cost .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta 's defeat by Thebes in the Battle of Leuctra in 371 BC ended Sparta 's prominent role in Greece .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	However , it maintained its political independence until the Roman conquest of Greece in 146 BC .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	It then underwent a long period of decline , especially in the Middle Ages , when many Spartans moved to live in Mystras .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Modern Sparta is the capital of the Greek regional unit of Laconia and a center for the processing of goods such as citrus and olives .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta was unique in ancient Greece for its social system and constitution , which completely focused on military training and excellence .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Its inhabitants were classified as Spartiates ( Spartan citizens , who enjoyed full rights ) , Mothakes ( non-Spartan free men raised as Spartans ) , Perioikoi ( freedmen ) , and Helots ( state-owned serfs , enslaved non-Spartan local population ) .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Spartiates underwent the rigorous agoge training and education regimen , and Spartan phalanges were widely considered to be among the best in battle .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Spartan women enjoyed considerably more rights and equality to men than elsewhere in the classical world .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	Sparta was the subject of fascination in its own day , as well as in the West following the revival of classical learning .	0
what did sparta do around 650 bc	This love or admiration of Sparta is known as Laconism or Laconophilia .	0
what state is new orleans in	New Orleans ( or , locally or ; ) is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana .	1
what state is new orleans in	The population of the city was 343,829 as of the 2010 U.S. Census .	0
what state is new orleans in	The New Orleans metropolitan area ( New Orleans–Metairie–Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area ) had a population of 1,167,764 in 2010 and was the 46th largest in the United States .	0
what state is new orleans in	The New Orleans–Metairie–Bogalusa Combined Statistical Area , a larger trading area , had a 2010 population of 1,214,932 .	0
what state is new orleans in	The city is named after Orléans , a city located on the Loire River in Centre , France , and is well known for its distinct French Creole architecture , as well as its cross-cultural and multilingual heritage .	0
what state is new orleans in	New Orleans is also famous for its cuisine , music ( particularly as the birthplace of jazz ) , and its annual celebrations and festivals , most notably Mardi Gras .	0
what state is new orleans in	The city is often referred to as the `` most unique '' in America .	0
what state is new orleans in	New Orleans is located in southeastern Louisiana , straddling the Mississippi River .	0
what state is new orleans in	The city and Orleans Parish ( ) are .	0
what state is new orleans in	The city and parish are bounded by the parishes of St. Tammany to the north , St. Bernard to the east , Plaquemines to the south and Jefferson to the south and west .	0
what state is new orleans in	Lake Pontchartrain , part of which is included in the city limits , lies to the north and Lake Borgne lies to the east .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The full eagle logo , used in various versions from 1970 to 1993 .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The United States Postal Service ( USPS ) , also known as the Post Office and U.S. Mail , is an independent agency of the United States federal government responsible for providing postal service in the United States .	1
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	It is one of the few government agencies explicitly authorized by the United States Constitution .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The USPS traces its roots to 1775 during the Second Continental Congress , where Benjamin Franklin was appointed the first postmaster general .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The cabinet-level Post Office Department was created in 1792 from Franklin 's operation and transformed into its current form in 1971 under the Postal Reorganization Act .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The USPS employs over 574,000 workers and operates over 260,000 vehicles .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The USPS is the operator of the largest vehicle fleet in the world .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The USPS is legally obligated to serve all Americans , regardless of geography , at uniform price and quality .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The USPS has exclusive access to letter boxes marked `` U.S. Mail '' and personal letterboxes in the United States , but still competes against private package delivery services , such as UPS and FedEx .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	The USPS has not directly received taxpayer-dollars since the early 1980s with the minor exception of subsidies for costs associated with the disabled and overseas voters .	0
what part of the government governs the US post office ?	Since the 2006 all-time peak mail volume , after which Congress passed the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act `` , ( which mandated $ 5.5 billion per year to be paid into an account to pre-fund retiree health-care , 75 years into the future , a requirement unique among organizations and businesses in the U.S. ) , revenue dropped sharply due to recession-influenced declining mail volume , prompting the postal service to look to other sources of revenue while cutting costs to reduce its budget deficit .	0
who wrote the song in the mood	`` In the Mood '' is a big band era # 1 hit recorded by American bandleader Glenn Miller .	1
who wrote the song in the mood	It topped the charts in 1940 in the U.S. and one year later was featured in the movie Sun Valley Serenade .	0
who wrote the song in the mood	In 1999 , National Public Radio ( NPR ) included the 1939 Glenn Miller recording on RCA Bluebird on the NPR 100 , the list of `` The 100 most important American musical works of the 20th century '' .	0
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	The 2006 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Turin , Italy from February 10 , 2006 , through February 26 , 2006 .	1
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	This marked the second time Italy hosted the Olympic Winter Games , the first being the VII Olympic Winter Games in Cortina d'Ampezzo in 1956 .	0
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	Italy also hosted the Games of the XVII Olympiad in Rome in 1960 .	0
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	Turin was selected as the host city for the 2006 games in 1999 .	0
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	The official logo displayed the name `` Torino '' , the Italian name of the city ; the city is known as `` Turin '' in both English and the local traditional language , Piedmontese .	0
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	The Olympic mascots of Torino 2006 were Neve ( `` snow '' in Italian ) , a female snowball , and Gliz , a male ice cube .	0
where were the Winter Olympics in 2006	The official motto of the XX Olympic Winter Games was `` Passion lives here '' .	0
what is busiest airport in US	These are lists of the busiest airports in the United States .	0
what is busiest airport in US	Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the busiest single airport in the United States .	1
what is busiest airport in US	However , all of the New York City metropolitan area 's airports combine to create the largest airport system in the United States , second in the world in terms of passenger traffic , and first in the world in terms of total flight operations .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Edgar Allan Poe ( born Edgar Poe ; January 19 , 1809 – October 7 , 1849 ) was an American author , poet , editor and literary critic , considered part of the American Romantic Movement .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Best known for his tales of mystery and the macabre , Poe was one of the earliest American practitioners of the short story and is generally considered the inventor of the detective fiction genre .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He is further credited with contributing to the emerging genre of science fiction .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He was the first well-known American writer to try to earn a living through writing alone , resulting in a financially difficult life and career .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He was born as Edgar Poe in Boston , Massachusetts ; he was orphaned young when his mother died shortly after his father abandoned the family .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe was taken in by John and Frances Allan , of Richmond , Virginia , but they never formally adopted him .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He attended the University of Virginia for one semester but left due to lack of money .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	After enlisting in the Army and later failing as an officer 's cadet at West Point , Poe parted ways with the Allans .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	His publishing career began humbly , with an anonymous collection of poems , Tamerlane and Other Poems ( 1827 ) , credited only to `` a Bostonian '' .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe switched his focus to prose and spent the next several years working for literary journals and periodicals , becoming known for his own style of literary criticism .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	His work forced him to move among several cities , including Baltimore , Philadelphia , and New York City .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	In Baltimore in 1835 , he married Virginia Clemm , his 13-year-old cousin .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	In January 1845 Poe published his poem , `` The Raven `` , to instant success .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	His wife died of tuberculosis two years after its publication .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	He began planning to produce his own journal , The Penn ( later renamed The Stylus ) , though he died before it could be produced .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	On October 7 , 1849 , at age 40 , Poe died in Baltimore ; the cause of his death is unknown and has been variously attributed to alcohol , brain congestion , cholera , drugs , heart disease , rabies , suicide , tuberculosis , and other agents .	1
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe and his works influenced literature in the United States and around the world , as well as in specialized fields , such as cosmology and cryptography .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	Poe and his work appear throughout popular culture in literature , music , films , and television .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	A number of his homes are dedicated museums today .	0
How did Edgar Allan Poe die ?	The Mystery Writers of America present an annual award known as the Edgar Award for distinguished work in the mystery genre .	0
how does a dredge work ?	A grab dredge	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging is an excavation activity or operation usually carried out at least partly underwater , in shallow seas or fresh water areas with the purpose of gathering up bottom sediments and disposing of them at a different location .	1
how does a dredge work ?	This technique is often used to keep waterways navigable .	0
how does a dredge work ?	It is also used as a way to replenish sand on some public beaches , where sand has been lost because of coastal erosion .	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging is also used as a technique for fishing for certain species of edible clams and crabs , see fishing dredge .	0
how does a dredge work ?	A dredger ( or “dredge” as is the general usage in the Americas ) is any device , machine , or vessel that is used to excavate and remove material from the bottom of a body of water .	1
how does a dredge work ?	For example , a scoop attached to the end of a rope or pole by which a man can draw sediments up from the bottom of a pond is a dredger .	1
how does a dredge work ?	Developing this idea further , a motorized crane equipped with a drag bucket or clamshell ( grabber ) that is used to scoop material from the bottom of a body of water is also a dredger .	1
how does a dredge work ?	The crane could be located on the bank , or perhaps mounted on a barge .	0
how does a dredge work ?	If the crane is mounted on a barge , the entire vessel is referred to as a dredger .	1
how does a dredge work ?	The process of dredging creates spoils ( excess material ) , which are carried away from the dredged area .	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging can produce materials for land reclamation or other purposes ( usually construction-related ) , and has also historically played a significant role in gold mining .	0
how does a dredge work ?	Dredging can create disturbance in aquatic ecosystems , often with adverse impacts .	0
how old is beatrice author	Beatrice `` Bea '' Arthur ( May 13 , 1922 – April 25 , 2009 ) was an American actress , comedienne , and singer whose career spanned seven decades .	1
how old is beatrice author	Arthur achieved fame as the character Maude Findlay on the 1970s sitcoms All in the Family and Maude , and as Dorothy Zbornak on the 1980s sitcom The Golden Girls , winning Emmy Awards for both roles .	0
how old is beatrice author	A stage actress both before and after her television success , she won the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance as Vera Charles in the original cast of Mame ( 1966 ) .	0
when does air bag deploy	The driver and passenger front airbags , after having been deployed , in a British Peugeot 306 car .	0
when does air bag deploy	An airbag is a vehicle safety device .	0
when does air bag deploy	It is an occupant restraint system consisting of a flexible fabric envelope or cushion designed to inflate rapidly during an automobile collision .	1
when does air bag deploy	Its purpose is to cushion occupants during a crash and provide protection to their bodies when they strike interior objects such as the steering wheel or a window .	0
when does air bag deploy	Modern vehicles may contain multiple airbag modules in various side and frontal locations of the passenger seating positions , and sensors may deploy one or more airbags in an impact zone at variable rates based on the type , angle and severity of impact ; the airbag is designed to only inflate in moderate to severe frontal crashes .	0
when does air bag deploy	Airbags are normally designed with the intention of supplementing the protection of an occupant who is correctly restrained with a seatbelt .	0
when does air bag deploy	Most designs are inflated through pyrotechnic means and can only be operated once .	0
when does air bag deploy	Newer side-impact airbag modules consist of compressed air cylinders that are triggered in the event of a side impact vehicle impact .	0
when does air bag deploy	The first commercial designs were introduced in passenger automobiles during the 1970s with limited success .	0
when does air bag deploy	Broad commercial adoption of airbags occurred in many markets during the late 1980s and early 1990s with a driver airbag , and a front passenger airbag as well on some cars ; and many modern vehicles now include four or more units .	0
what to make with linen	A linen handkerchief with pulled thread embroidery around the edges	0
what to make with linen	Linen cloth recovered from Qumran Cave 1 near the Dead Sea .	0
what to make with linen	Linen ( ) is a textile made from the fibers of the flax plant , Linum usitatissimum .	0
what to make with linen	Linen is labor-intensive to manufacture , but when it is made into garments , it is valued for its exceptional coolness and freshness in hot weather .	0
what to make with linen	The word `` linen '' is of West Germanic origin and cognates with the Latin name for the flax plant linum , and the earlier Greek λινόν ( linon ) .	0
what to make with linen	This word history has given rise to a number of other terms in English , the most notable of which is the English word line , derived from the use of a linen ( flax ) thread to determine a straight line .	0
what to make with linen	Textiles in a linen weave texture , even when made of cotton , hemp and other non-flax fibers are also loosely referred to as `` linen '' .	0
what to make with linen	Such fabrics generally have their own specific names other than linen ; for example , fine cotton yarn in a linen-style weave is called Madapolam .	0
what to make with linen	The collective term `` linens `` is still often used generically to describe a class of woven and even knitted bed , bath , table and kitchen textiles .	0
what to make with linen	The name linens is retained because traditionally , linen was used for many of these items .	0
what to make with linen	In the past , the word `` linens '' was also used to mean lightweight undergarments such as shirts , chemises , waistshirts , lingerie ( a word also cognate with linen ) , and detachable shirt collars and cuffs , which were historically made almost exclusively out of linen .	0
what to make with linen	The inside cloth layer of fine composite clothing garments ( as for example jackets ) was traditionally made of linen , and this is the origin of the word lining .	0
what to make with linen	Linen textiles appear to be some of the oldest in the world : their history goes back many thousands of years .	0
what to make with linen	Fragments of straw , seeds , fibers , yarns , and various types of fabrics which date back to about 8000 BC have been found in Swiss lake dwellings .	0
what to make with linen	Dyed flax fibers found in a prehistoric cave in Georgia suggest the use of woven linen fabrics from wild flax may date back even earlier to 36,000 BP .	0
what to make with linen	Linen was sometimes used as currency in ancient Egypt .	0
what to make with linen	Egyptian mummies were wrapped in linen because it was seen as a symbol of light and purity , and as a display of wealth .	0
what to make with linen	Some of these fabrics , woven from hand spun yarns , were very fine for their day , but are coarse compared to modern linen .	0
what to make with linen	Today , linen is usually an expensive textile , and is produced in relatively small quantities .	0
what to make with linen	It has a long `` staple '' ( individual fiber length ) relative to cotton and other natural fibers .	0
what to make with linen	Many products are made of linen : aprons , bags , towels ( swimmers , bath , beach , body and wash towels ) , napkins , bed linens , linen tablecloths , runners , chair covers , and men 's & women 's wear .	1
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	Non-binding arbitration is a type of arbitration in which the arbitrator makes a determination of the rights of the parties to the dispute , but this determination is not binding upon them , and no enforceable arbitration award is issued .	1
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	The `` award '' is in effect an advisory opinion of the arbitrator 's view of the respective merits of the parties cases .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	Non-binding arbitration is used in connection with attempts to reach a negotiated settlement .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	The role of an arbitrator in non-binding arbitration is , on the surface , similar to that of a mediator in a mediation .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	However , the principal distinction is that whereas a mediator will try to help the parties find a middle ground to compromise at , the arbitrator remains totally removed from the settlement process and will only give a determination of liability and , if appropriate , an indication of the quantum of damages payable .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	Subsequent to a non-binding arbitration , the parties remain free to pursue their claims either through the courts , or by way of a binding arbitration , although in practice a settlement is the most common outcome .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	The award and reasoning in a non-binding arbitration is almost invariably inadmissible in any subsequent action in the courts or in another arbitration tribunal .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	Non-binding arbitration is utilised mostly in the United States and Canada .	0
WHAT IS NON BINDING ?	It is largely unknown in Europe , although in the United Kingdom there is a practice of parties who are seeking a settlement to jointly instruct a Queen 's Counsel for an opinion on the merits and likely quantum of a claim , and then to negotiate on the basis of the views expressed in that opinion .	0
what is a right wing christian	Christian right is a term used in the United States to describe right-wing Christian political groups that are characterized by their strong support of socially conservative policies .	1
what is a right wing christian	Christian conservatives principally seek to apply their understanding of the teachings of Christianity to politics and public policy by proclaiming the value of those teachings and/or by seeking to use those teachings to influence law and public policy .	0
what is a right wing christian	In the U.S. , the Christian right is an informal coalition formed around a core of evangelical Protestants that draws `` support from politically conservative Catholics , Jews , Mormons , and occasionally secularists '' who share their goals .	0
what is a right wing christian	The movement has its roots in American politics going back as far the 1940s and has been especially influential since the 1970s .	0
what is a right wing christian	Their influence draws , in part , from grassroots activism as well as their focus on social issues and ability to motivate the electorate around those issues .	0
what is a right wing christian	The Christian right is notable today for advancing socially conservative positions on issues including school prayer , stem cell research , homosexuality , contraception , abortion , and pornography .	0
what is a right wing christian	Although the Christian right is usually associated with the U.S. , the movement has been a key factor in the politics of Canada , The Netherlands , Northern Ireland and Australia , among others .	0
what is go daddy.com ?	Go Daddy or Go Daddy Group Inc. is a privately held company that is primarily an internet domain registrar and web hosting company .	1
what is go daddy.com ?	Go Daddy Group Inc. filed for an IPO in 2006 , but later canceled it , due to `` market uncertainties '' .	0
what is go daddy.com ?	In addition to domain registration and hosting Go Daddy also sells e-business related software and services .	0
what is go daddy.com ?	On June 24 , 2011 , The Wall Street Journal reported that private-equity firms KKR and Silver Lake Partners , along with a third investor , were nearing a deal to buy the company for between $ 2–2.5 billion .	0
what is go daddy.com ?	On July 1 , 2011 Go Daddy confirmed that KKR , Silver Lake Partners and Technology Crossover Ventures had closed the deal .	0
what is go daddy.com ?	Although the purchase price was not officially announced it was reported to be $ 2.25 billion , for 65 % of the company .	0
what is go daddy.com ?	, Bob Parsons had ceded the CEO role of Go Daddy to Warren Adelman , who had been with the company for about 10 years .	0
what is primary medicine	Primary care may be provided in community health centres .	1
what is primary medicine	Primary care is the health care given by a health care provider .	1
what is primary medicine	Typically this provider acts as the principal point of consultation for patients within a health care system and coordinates other specialists that the patient may need .	0
what is primary medicine	Such a professional can be a primary care physician , such as a general practitioner or family physician , or depending on the locality , health system organization , and patient 's discretion , they may see a pharmacist , a physician assistant , a nurse practitioner , a nurse ( such as in the United Kingdom ) , a clinical officer ( such as in parts of Africa ) , or an Ayurvedic or other traditional medicine professional ( such as in parts of Asia ) .	0
what is primary medicine	Depending on the nature of the health condition , patients may then be referred for secondary or tertiary care .	0
what is file based system	In computing , a file system ( or filesystem ) is a type of data store which can be used to store , retrieve and update a set of files .	1
what is file based system	The term could refer to the abstract data structures used to define files , or to the actual software or firmware components that implement the abstract ideas .	0
what is file based system	Some file systems are used on local data storage devices ; others provide file access via a network protocol ( e.g . NFS , SMB , or 9P clients ) .	0
what is file based system	Some file systems are `` virtual '' , in that the `` files '' supplied are computed on request ( e.g . procfs ) or are merely a mapping into a different file system used as a backing store .	0
what is file based system	The file system manages access to both the content of files and the metadata about those files .	0
what is file based system	It is responsible for arranging storage space ; reliability , efficiency , and tuning with regard to the physical storage medium are important design considerations .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	Henry T. Thomas Sampson , Jr. ( born in Jackson , Mississippi in 1934 ) is an African-American inventor .	1
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	He graduated from high school in 1951 from Lanier High School in Jackson , Mississippi .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	He then attended Morehouse College for a couple of years before transferring to Purdue University where he became a member of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	He received a Bachelor 's degree in science from Purdue University in 1956 .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	He graduated with an MS degree in engineering from the University of California , Los Angeles in 1961 .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	Sampson also received his MS in Nuclear Engineering from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in 1965 , and his PhD in 1967 .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	He is the first African American to earn a Ph.D.in Nuclear Engineering in the United States .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	Some of his accomplishments include being a member of the United States Navy between the years 1962 and 1964 and earning an Atomic Energy Commission honor between 1964 and 1967 .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	Later he was awarded the Black Image Award from Aerospace Corporation in 1982 .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	He was awarded the Blacks in Engineering , Applied Science Award , and prize for education , by the Los Angeles Council of Black Professional Engineers in 1983 .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	In June 2007 , Sampson was married to Laura Howzell Young in St. Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands .	0
WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR .	Young-Sampson is a professor in the College of Education at California State University San Bernardino .	0
what country is belize in	Belize , is a country located on the northeastern coast of Central America .	1
what country is belize in	It is the only country in the area where English is the official language , although Kriol and Spanish are more commonly spoken .	0
what country is belize in	Belize is bordered on the north by Mexico , to the south and west by Guatemala and to the east by the Caribbean Sea .	0
what country is belize in	Its mainland is about long and wide .	0
what country is belize in	With of land and a population of only 312,698 inhabitants ( 2010 census ) , Belize possesses the lowest population density in Central America .	0
what country is belize in	The country 's population growth rate of 3.15 % ( 2012 est . ) is the second highest in the region and one of the highest in the western hemisphere .	0
what country is belize in	Belize 's abundance of terrestrial and marine species , and its diversity of ecosystems give it a key place within the globally significant Mesoamerican Biological Corridor .	0
what country is belize in	Belize has a diverse society , comprising many cultures and languages .	0
what country is belize in	It is the only nation in the region with a British colonial heritage , but as a part of the Western Caribbean Zone , it also shares a common heritage with the fellow Anglophone Caribbean countries .	0
what country is belize in	In general , Belize is considered to be a Central American and Caribbean nation with strong ties to both the Caribbean and Latin America .	0
what country is belize in	Belize is a member of the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) , the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELAC ) , and Central American Integration System ( SICA ) .	0
what country is belize in	Belize is known for its September Celebrations , and is the birthplace of chewing gum and Punta Rock .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	`` Girls Just Want to Have Fun '' is a 1979 song originally written by Robert Hazard and made famous by singer Cyndi Lauper .	1
what year was girls just want to have fun release	It was the first major single released by Lauper as a solo artist and the lead-off single from her debut album She 's So Unusual .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	Lauper’s version gained recognition as a feminist anthem and promoted by an award-winning video .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	It has been covered on either an album or in live concert by over 30 other artists .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	The single was Lauper 's breakthrough hit , reaching # 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and becoming a worldwide hit throughout late 1983 and early 1984 .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	It remains one of Lauper 's signature songs and was a widely popular song during the era of its release , the 1980s .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	The `` Rolling Stone & MTV : '100 Greatest Pop Songs ' : 1-50 '' , `` Rolling Stone : `` The 100 Top Music Videos '' '' and the `` VH1 : 100 Greatest Videos '' lists ranked the song at # 22 , # 39 and # 45 , respectively .	0
what year was girls just want to have fun release	The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance .	0
what is puerto rico currency	The currencies of Puerto Rico closely follow the historic development of Puerto Rico .	0
what is puerto rico currency	As a colony of Spain and the United States , Puerto Rico was granted the use of both foreign and provincial currencies .	0
what is puerto rico currency	Following the Spanish colonization in 1502 , Puerto Rico became an important port , with its own supply of gold .	0
what is puerto rico currency	However , as the mineral reserves ran empty within the century , the archipelago 's economy suffered .	0
what is puerto rico currency	The Spanish Crown issued the Situado Mexicano , which meant that a semi-regular shipment of gold from the Viceroyalty of New Spain would be sent to the island , as a way to provide economic support .	0
what is puerto rico currency	Between 1636 and 1637 , Philip IV of Spain imposed a tax which had to be paid using a revenue stamp .	0
what is puerto rico currency	Inspired by this , Puerto Rico began producing banknotes in 1766 , becoming the first colony to print 8- real banknotes in the Spanish Empire and which in the Spanish government 's approval of subsequent issues .	0
what is puerto rico currency	The situado was discontinued during the 19th century , creating an economic crisis , as a result of Mexico gaining its independence from Spain .	0
what is puerto rico currency	Salvador Meléndez Bruna , the colonial governor in office , ordered the issue of provincial banknotes , creating the Puerto Rican peso .	0
what is puerto rico currency	However , printing of these banknotes ceased after 1815 .	0
what is puerto rico currency	During the following decades , foreign coins became the widespread currency .	0
what is puerto rico currency	In the 1860s and 1870s , banknotes reemerged .	0
what is puerto rico currency	On February 1 , 1890 , the Banco Español de Puerto Rico was inaugurated and began issuing banknotes .	0
what is puerto rico currency	The bank designed four series and placed three in circulation under Spanish rule .	0
what is puerto rico currency	In 1895 , a Royal Decree ordered the production of provincial peso coins .	0
what is puerto rico currency	On August 13 , 1898 , the Spanish-American War ended with Spain ceding Puerto Rico to the United States .	0
what is puerto rico currency	The Banco Español de Puerto Rico was renamed Bank of Porto Rico and issued bills equivalent to the United States dollar , creating the Puerto Rican dollar .	0
what is puerto rico currency	In 1902 , the First National Bank of Porto Rico issued banknotes in a parallel manner .	0
what is puerto rico currency	Two more series were issued until 1913 .	0
what is puerto rico currency	After Puerto Rico 's economy and monetary system was fully integrated into the United States ' economic and monetary system , the Puerto Rican dollars were redeemed for those issued by the United States Treasury .	0
what is puerto rico currency	The peso and dollar have been followed by other contemporary issues , including commemorative banknotes , private currency , and a quarter coin designed with Fort San Felipe del Morro in the face .	1
what is a PCI port used for	Conventional PCI ( PCI is an initialism formed from Peripheral Component Interconnect , part of the PCI Local Bus standard and often shortened to just PCI ) is a local computer bus for attaching hardware devices in a computer .	1
what is a PCI port used for	The PCI bus supports the functions found on a processor bus , but in a standardized format that is independent of any particular processor .	0
what is a PCI port used for	Devices connected to the bus appear to the processor to be connected directly to the processor bus , and are assigned addresses in the processor 's address space .	0
what is a PCI port used for	Attached devices can take either the form of an integrated circuit fitted onto the motherboard itself , called a planar device in the PCI specification , or an expansion card that fits into a slot .	0
what is a PCI port used for	The PCI Local Bus was first implemented in IBM PC compatibles , where it displaced the combination of ISA plus one VESA Local Bus as the bus configuration .	0
what is a PCI port used for	It has subsequently been adopted for other computer types .	0
what is a PCI port used for	PCI and PCI-X are being replaced by PCI Express , but , most motherboards are still made with one or more PCI slots , which are sufficient for many uses .	0
what is a PCI port used for	The PCI specification covers the physical size of the bus ( including the size and spacing of the circuit board edge electrical contacts ) , electrical characteristics , bus timing , and protocols .	0
what is a PCI port used for	The specification can be purchased from the PCI Special Interest Group ( PCI-SIG ) .	0
what is a PCI port used for	Typical PCI cards used in PCs include : network cards , sound cards , modems , extra ports such as USB or serial , TV tuner cards and disk controllers .	0
what is a PCI port used for	PCI video cards replaced ISA and VESA cards , until growing bandwidth requirements outgrew the capabilities of PCI ; the preferred interface for video cards became AGP , and then PCI Express .	0
what is a PCI port used for	PCI video cards remain available for use with old PCs without AGP or PCI Express slots .	0
what is a PCI port used for	Many devices previously provided on PCI expansion cards are now commonly integrated onto motherboards or available in universal serial bus and PCI Express versions .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	Henry Louis Stephens , untitled watercolor ( 1863 ) of a man reading a newspaper with headline `` Presidential Proclamation / Slavery '' .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	The Emancipation Proclamation was an order issued to all segments of the Executive branch ( including the Army and Navy ) of the United States by President Abraham Lincoln on January 1 , 1863 , during the American Civil War .	1
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	It was based on the president 's constitutional authority as commander in chief of the armed forces ; it was not a law passed by Congress .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	It proclaimed all those enslaved in Confederate territory to be forever free , and ordered the Army ( and all segments of the Executive branch ) to treat as free all those enslaved in ten states that were still in rebellion , thus applying to 3.1 million of the 4 million slaves in the U.S .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	The Proclamation could not be enforced in areas still under rebellion , but as the army took control of Confederate regions , the slaves in those regions were emancipated rather than returned to their masters .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	From 20,000 to 50,000 former slaves in regions where rebellion had already been subdued were immediately emancipated , and over 3 million more were emancipated as the Union army advanced .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	The Proclamation did not apply to the five slave states that were not in rebellion , nor to most regions already controlled by the Union army ; emancipation there would come after separate state actions and/or the December 1865 ratification of the Thirteenth Amendment , which made slavery illegal everywhere in the U.S .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	The Proclamation did not compensate the owners , did not itself outlaw slavery , and did not make the ex-slaves ( called freedmen ) citizens .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	It made the eradication of slavery an explicit war goal , in addition to the goal of reuniting the Union .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	On September 22 , 1862 , Lincoln had issued a preliminary proclamation that he would order the emancipation of all slaves in any state of the Confederate States of America that did not return to Union control by January 1 , 1863 .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	None returned , and the order , signed and issued January 1 , 1863 , took effect except in locations where the Union had already mostly regained control .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	The Proclamation outraged white Southerners who envisioned a race war , angered some Northern Democrats , energized anti-slavery forces , and weakened forces in Europe that wanted to intervene to help the Confederacy .	0
when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation ? ?	It also lifted the spirits of African Americans both in the Southern and Northern States , and led to many slaves escaping their masters and running behind Union lines in order to have their emancipation enforced .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	Charles Dillon `` Casey '' Stengel ( ; July 30 , 1890 – September 29 , 1975 ) , nicknamed `` The Old Perfessor '' , was an American Major League Baseball outfielder and manager .	1
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	Stengel was born in Kansas City , Missouri , and originally nicknamed `` Dutch '' , a common nickname at that time for Americans of German ancestry .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	After his major league career began , he acquired the nickname `` Casey '' , which originally came from the initials of his hometown ( `` K. C. '' ) , which evolved into `` Casey '' , influenced by the wide popularity of the poem Casey at the Bat .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	In the 1950s , sportswriters dubbed him with yet another nickname , `` The Old Professor '' ( or `` Perfessor '' ) , for his sharp wit and his ability to talk at length on anything baseball -related .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	Although his baseball career spanned a number of teams and cities , he is primarily associated with clubs in New York City .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	Between playing and managing , he is the only man to have worn four of New York 's major league clubs ' uniforms .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	He was the first of four men ( through the season ) to manage both the New York Yankees and New York Mets ; Yogi Berra , Dallas Green , and Joe Torre are the others .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	Like Torre , he also managed the Braves and the Dodgers .	0
What is the name of the late Major League old professor	He ended his baseball career as the beloved manager for the then expansion New York Mets , which won over the hearts of New York partly due to the unique character of their veteran leader .	0
who made hubble telescope	The Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) is a space telescope that was carried into orbit by a Space Shuttle in 1990 and remains in operation .	0
who made hubble telescope	A aperture telescope in low Earth orbit , Hubble 's four main instruments observe in the near ultraviolet , visible , and near infrared .	0
who made hubble telescope	The telescope is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble .	0
who made hubble telescope	Hubble 's orbit outside the distortion of Earth 's atmosphere allows it to take extremely sharp images with almost no background light .	0
who made hubble telescope	Hubble 's Deep Field have been some of the most detailed visible-light images ever , allowing a deep view into space and time .	0
who made hubble telescope	Many Hubble observations have led to breakthroughs in astrophysics , such as accurately determining the rate of expansion of the universe .	0
who made hubble telescope	Although not the first space telescope , Hubble is one of the largest and most versatile , and is well known as both a vital research tool and a public relations boon for astronomy .	0
who made hubble telescope	The HST was built by the United States space agency NASA , with contributions from the European Space Agency , and is operated by the Space Telescope Science Institute .	1
who made hubble telescope	The HST is one of NASA 's Great Observatories , along with the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory , the Chandra X-ray Observatory , and the Spitzer Space Telescope .	0
who made hubble telescope	Space telescopes were proposed as early as 1923 .	0
who made hubble telescope	Hubble was funded in the 1970s , with a proposed launch in 1983 , but the project was beset by technical delays , budget problems , and the Challenger disaster .	0
who made hubble telescope	When finally launched in 1990 , scientists found that the main mirror had been ground incorrectly , compromising the telescope 's capabilities .	0
who made hubble telescope	The telescope was restored to its intended quality by a servicing mission in 1993 .	0
who made hubble telescope	Hubble is the only telescope designed to be serviced in space by astronauts .	0
who made hubble telescope	Between 1993 and 2002 , four missions repaired , upgraded , and replaced systems on the telescope ; a fifth mission was canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster .	0
who made hubble telescope	However , after spirited public discussion , NASA administrator Mike Griffin approved one final servicing mission , completed in 2009 by Space Shuttle Atlantis .	0
who made hubble telescope	The telescope is now expected to function until at least 2013 .	0
who made hubble telescope	Its scientific successor , the James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) , is to be launched in 2018 or possibly later .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	Everybody Hates Chris is an American television period sitcom that depicts the teenage experiences of comedian Chris Rock ( who is also the narrator ) while growing up in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York .	1
when was everybody hates chris made	The show is set between 1983 and 1987 ; however , Rock himself was a teenager between 1978 and 1983 .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	Rock grew up with a boy named Kenny Montero , whom he has often referred to as the inspiration for a lot of the episodes .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	In many interviews , Rock has described Kenny as the reason he got into comedy in the first place .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	The show 's title parodies the CBS sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	Rock stated : `` Everybody Loves Raymond but Everybody Hates Chris ! `` .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	The show 's lead actors are Tyler James Williams , Terry Crews , Tichina Arnold , Tequan Richmond , Imani Hakim , and Vincent Martella .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	In Fall 2008 , the The CW moved Everybody Hates Chris and The Game to the Friday night death slot .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	The fourth season of the series premiered Friday , October 3 , 2008 , at 8:00PM Eastern/7:00PM Central .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	On May 21 , 2009 , The CW announced that it had cancelled Everybody Hates Chris .	0
when was everybody hates chris made	Prior to this , executive producer Chris Rock announced that the end of season 4 matched up with his own past—dropping out of high school to become a comedian—and that it was time to end the show .	0
what cars have smart key systems	Nissan Intelligent Key®	0
what cars have smart key systems	A smart key is an electronic access and authorization system which is available as an option or standard in several cars .	0
what cars have smart key systems	It was first developed by Siemens in the mid-1990s and introduced by Mercedes-Benz under the name `` Keyless Go '' in 1998 on the W220 S-Class following its design patent filed by Daimler-Benz on May 17 , 1997 .	1
what is a rock quarry	Portland stone quarry on the Isle of Portland , England	0
what is a rock quarry	An abandoned construction aggregate quarry near Adelaide , South Australia	0
what is a rock quarry	A quarry is a type of open-pit mine from which rock or minerals are extracted .	1
what is a rock quarry	Quarries are generally used for extracting building materials , such as dimension stone , construction aggregate , riprap , sand , and gravel .	0
what is a rock quarry	They are often collocated with concrete and asphalt plants due to the requirement for large amounts of aggregate in those materials .	0
what is a rock quarry	Open mines that produce minerals are typically referred to as open pit mines .	0
what is a rock quarry	The word quarry can include underground quarrying for stone , such as Bath stone .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	Earl Simmons ( born December 18 , 1970 ) , better known by his stage names DMX and Dark Man X , is an American rapper and actor .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	In 1999 , DMX released his best-selling album ... And Then There Was X , which featured the hit single `` Party Up ( Up in Here ) `` .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	He has acted in films such as Belly , Romeo Must Die , Exit Wounds , Cradle 2 The Grave , and Last Hour .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	In 2006 , he starred in the reality television series , which was primarily aired on the BET cable television network .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	In 2003 , DMX published a book of his memoirs entitled , E.A.R.L . : The Autobiography of DMX .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	DMX released a mixtape The Weigh In as a prelude/promotion towards his album Undisputed ( 2012 ) .	0
how many albums has dmx sold to this date	DMX has sold over 30 million records worldwide , making him one of the best-selling hip-hop artists of all time .	1
what do pigs eat	A pig is any of the animals in the genus Sus , within the Suidae family of even-toed ungulates .	0
what do pigs eat	Pigs include the domestic pig , its ancestor the wild boar , and several other wild relatives .	0
what do pigs eat	Young and small pigs are known as piglets .	0
what do pigs eat	Pigs are omnivores and are highly social and intelligent animals .	1
how many district are in west bengal	Districts of West Bengal	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Indian state of West Bengal borders with Nepal , Bhutan , Bangladesh and the Indian states of Bihar , Jharkhand , Odisha , Assam and Sikkim .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Himalayas lies in the north of the state and the Bay of Bengal is at the south .	0
how many district are in west bengal	In between them , the river Ganges flows eastwards and its main distributary , the Hooghly River , flows south to reach the Bay of Bengal .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Siliguri Corridor , which connects North-East India with rest of the India , lies in the North Bengal region of the state .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Geographically , West Bengal is divided into a variety of regions— Darjeeling Himalayan hill region , Terai and Doors region , North Bengal plains , Rarh region , Western plateau and high lands , coastal plains , Sunderbans and the Ganges Delta .	0
how many district are in west bengal	In 1947 , when India gained independence , the state of West Bengal was formed with 14 districts , as per partition plan of the then Bengal province of British India .	1
how many district are in west bengal	The former princely state Koch Bihar joined as a district in 1950 , and the former French enclave Chandannagore joined as part of the Hooghly district in 1954 .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The States Reorganisation Act of 1956 led to addition of Purulia district to the state and to enlargement of West Dinajpur district .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Later , larger districts such as West Dinajpur , 24 Parganas and Midnapore were bifurcated .	0
how many district are in west bengal	West Bengal is now divided into nineteen districts under three divisions .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Districts are administered by District Magistrates , and divisions are administered by Divisional Commissioners .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Kolkata , the capital of the state , constitutes the Kolkata district .	0
how many district are in west bengal	Other districts are further divided into administrative units such as subdivisions and blocks , administered by SDO and BDO , respectively .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The Panchayati Raj has a three-tier structure in the state .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The atomic unit is called a Gram Panchayat , which is the Panchayat organization for a collection of villages .	0
how many district are in west bengal	The block-level organizations are called Panchayat Samiti , and the district-level organizations are named Zilla Parishad .	0
what was nixon accused of	The Watergate scandal was a political scandal that occurred in the United States in the 1970s as a result of the June 17 , 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate office complex in Washington , D.C. , and the Nixon administration 's attempted cover-up of its involvement .	1
what was nixon accused of	The scandal eventually led to the resignation of Richard Nixon , the President of the United States , on August 9 , 1974 — the only resignation of a U.S. President .	1
what was nixon accused of	The scandal also resulted in the indictment , trial , conviction , and incarceration of forty-three persons , dozens of whom were Nixon 's top administration officials .	0
what was nixon accused of	The affair began with the arrest of five men for breaking and entering into the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) headquarters at the Watergate complex on June 17 , 1972 .	0
what was nixon accused of	The Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) connected cash found on the burglars to a slush fund used by the Committee for the Re-Election of the President , the official organization of Nixon 's campaign .	0
what was nixon accused of	In July 1973 , as evidence mounted against the president 's staff , including testimony provided by former staff members in an investigation conducted by the Senate Watergate Committee , it was revealed that President Nixon had a tape-recording system in his offices and he had recorded many conversations .	0
what was nixon accused of	Recordings from these tapes implicated the president , revealing he had attempted to cover up the questionable ( and illegal ) goings-on that had taken place during his administration , both before and after the break-in .	0
what was nixon accused of	After a protracted series of bitter court battles , the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously ruled that the president had to hand over the tapes to government investigators ; he ultimately complied .	0
what was nixon accused of	Facing near-certain impeachment in the House of Representatives and a strong possibility of a conviction in the Senate , Nixon resigned the presidency on August 9 , 1974 .	0
what was nixon accused of	His successor , Gerald Ford , then issued a pardon to him .	0
How is a computer used ?	A computer is a general purpose device that can be programmed to carry out a finite set of arithmetic or logical operations .	1
How is a computer used ?	Since a sequence of operations can be readily changed , the computer can solve more than one kind of problem .	0
How is a computer used ?	Conventionally , a computer consists of at least one processing element , typically a central processing unit ( CPU ) and some form of memory .	0
How is a computer used ?	The processing element carries out arithmetic and logic operations , and a sequencing and control unit that can change the order of operations based on stored information .	0
How is a computer used ?	Peripheral devices allow information to be retrieved from an external source , and the result of operations saved and retrieved .	0
How is a computer used ?	The first electronic digital computers were developed between 1940 and 1945 in the United Kingdom and United States .	0
How is a computer used ?	Originally they were the size of a large room , consuming as much power as several hundred modern personal computers ( PCs ) .	0
How is a computer used ?	In this era mechanical analog computers were used for military applications .	0
How is a computer used ?	Modern computers based on integrated circuits are millions to billions of times more capable than the early machines , and occupy a fraction of the space .	0
How is a computer used ?	Simple computers are small enough to fit into mobile devices , and mobile computers can be powered by small batteries .	0
How is a computer used ?	Personal computers in their various forms are icons of the Information Age and are what most people think of as “computers.”	0
How is a computer used ?	However , the embedded computers found in many devices from MP3 players to fighter aircraft and from toys to industrial robots are the most numerous .	0
What is a surveyors wheel	Surveyor 's wheel	0
What is a surveyors wheel	A surveyor 's wheel , also called a clickwheel , hodometer , waywiser , trundle wheel , measuring wheel , or perambulator is a device for measuring distance .	1
what is considered to be a disasters	Ruins from the 1906 San Francisco earthquake , remembered as one of the worst natural disasters in United States history	0
what is considered to be a disasters	A disaster is a natural or man-made ( or technological ) hazard resulting in an event of substantial extent causing significant physical damage or destruction , loss of life , or drastic change to the environment .	1
what is considered to be a disasters	A disaster can be ostensively defined as any tragic event stemming from events such as earthquakes , floods , catastrophic accidents , fires , or explosions .	0
what is considered to be a disasters	It is a phenomenon that can cause damage to life and property and destroy the economic , social and cultural life of people .	0
what is considered to be a disasters	In contemporary academia , disasters are seen as the consequence of inappropriately managed risk .	0
what is considered to be a disasters	These risks are the product of a combination of both hazard/s and vulnerability .	0
what is considered to be a disasters	Hazards that strike in areas with low vulnerability will never become disasters , as is the case in uninhabited regions .	0
what is considered to be a disasters	Developing countries suffer the greatest costs when a disaster hits – more than 95 percent of all deaths caused by disasters occur in developing countries , and losses due to natural disasters are 20 times greater ( as a percentage of GDP ) in developing countries than in industrialized countries .	0
what are four thirds cameras	Four Thirds logo	0
what are four thirds cameras	The Four Thirds system is a standard created by Olympus and Kodak for digital single-lens reflex camera ( DSLR ) design and development. < ref name='DPReview.com 2001-02-13 ' >	1
what are four thirds cameras	The system provides a standard that , with digital cameras and lenses available from multiple manufacturers , allows for the interchange of lenses and bodies from different manufacturers .	0
what are four thirds cameras	seems to cover the standard .	0
what are four thirds cameras	Proponents describe it as an open standard , but companies may only use it under a non-disclosure agreement .	0
what are four thirds cameras	Unlike older SLR systems , Four Thirds has been designed from the ground up to be entirely digital .	0
what are four thirds cameras	Many lenses are extensively computerized , to the point that Olympus offers firmware updates for many of them .	0
what are four thirds cameras	Lens design has been tailored to the requirements of digital sensors , most notably through telecentric designs .	0
what are four thirds cameras	The size of the sensor is significantly smaller than for most DSLRs and this implies that lenses , especially telephoto lenses , can be smaller .	0
what are four thirds cameras	For example , a Four Thirds lens with a 300 mm focal length would cover about the same angle of view as a 600 mm focal length lens for the 35 mm film standard , and is correspondingly more compact .	0
what are four thirds cameras	Thus , the Four Thirds System has crop factor ( focal length multiplier ) of about 2 , and while this enables longer focal length for greater magnification , it does n't aid the manufacture of wide angle lenses .	0
what are four thirds cameras	The image sensor format , generally intermediate between those of larger SLRs and smaller compact cameras , generally gives levels of cost , performance and convenience intermediate between those two classes .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren `` Betty '' Ford ( April 8 , 1918 – July 8 , 2011 ) , was First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 during the presidency of her husband Gerald Ford .	1
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	As First Lady , she was active in social policy and created precedents as a politically active presidential wife .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	Throughout her husband 's term in office , she maintained high approval ratings despite opposition from some conservative Republicans who objected to her more moderate and liberal positions on social issues .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	Ford was noted for raising breast cancer awareness following her 1974 mastectomy and was a passionate supporter of , and activist for , the Equal Rights Amendment ( ERA ) .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	Pro-choice on abortion and a leader in the Women 's Movement , she gained fame as one of the most candid first ladies in history , commenting on every hot-button issue of the time , including feminism , equal pay , the ERA , sex , drugs , abortion , and gun control .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	She also raised awareness of addiction when she announced her long-running battle with alcoholism in the 1970s .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	Following her White House years , she continued to lobby for the ERA and remained active in the feminist movement .	0
Who is the husband of Betty Ford	She was the founder , and served as the first chair of the board of directors , of the Betty Ford Center for substance abuse and addiction and is a recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal ( co-presentation with her husband , Gerald R. Ford , October 21 , 1998 ) and the Presidential Medal of Freedom ( alone , presented 1991 , by George H. W. Bush ) .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by the British author J. K. Rowling .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books chronicle the adventures of a wizard , Harry Potter , and his friends Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger , all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The main story arc concerns Harry 's quest to overcome the Dark wizard Lord Voldemort , whose aims are to become immortal , conquer the wizarding world , subjugate non-magical people , and destroy all those who stand in his way , especially Harry Potter .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Since the release of the first novel Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone on 30 June 1997 , the books have gained immense popularity , critical acclaim and commercial success worldwide .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The series has also had some share of criticism , including concern for the increasingly dark tone .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	, the book series has sold about 450 million copies , making it the best-selling book series in history , and has been translated into 67 languages .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The last four books consecutively set records as the fastest-selling books in history .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	A series of many genres , including fantasy and coming of age ( with elements of mystery , thriller , adventure , and romance ) , it has many cultural meanings and references .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	According to Rowling , the main theme is death .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	There are also many other themes in the series , such as prejudice and corruption .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The initial major publishers of the books were Bloomsbury in the United Kingdom and Scholastic Press in the United States .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books have since been published by many publishers worldwide .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books , with the seventh book split into two parts , have been made into an eight-part film series by Warner Bros. Pictures , the highest-grossing film series of all time .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The series also originated much tie-in merchandise , making the Harry Potter brand worth in excess of $ 15 billion .	1
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Also due to the success of the books and films , Harry Potter has been used for a theme park , The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Parks & Resorts 's Islands of Adventure .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Health care in the United States is provided by many distinct organizations .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Health care facilities are largely owned and operated by private sector businesses .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Health insurance for public sector employees is primarily provided by the government .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	60-65 % of healthcare provision and spending comes from programs such as Medicare , Medicaid , TRICARE , the Children 's Health Insurance Program , and the Veterans Health Administration .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Most of the population under 65 is insured by their or a family member 's employer , some buy health insurance on their own , and the remainder are uninsured .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Of 17 high-income countries studied by the National Institutes of Health in 2013 , the United States was at or near the bottom in infant mortality , heart and lung disease , sexually transmitted infections , adolescent pregnancies , injuries , homicides , and rates of disability .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	Together , such issues place the U.S. at the bottom of the list for life expectancy .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	On average , a U.S. male can be expected to live almost four fewer years than those in the top-ranked country .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the United States spent more on health care per capita ( $ 7,146 ) , and more on health care as percentage of its GDP ( 15.2 % ) , than any other nation in 2008 .	1
how much does united states spend on health care	The Commonwealth Fund ranked the United States last in the quality of health care among similar countries , and notes U.S. care costs the most .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	The U.S. Census Bureau reported that 49.9 million residents , 16.3 % of the population , were uninsured in 2010 ( up from 49.0 million residents , 16.1 % of the population , in 2009 ) .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2004 Institute of Medicine ( IOM ) report said : `` The United States is among the few industrialized nations in the world that does not guarantee access to health care for its population . ''	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2004 OECD report said : `` With the exception of Mexico , Turkey , and the United States , all OECD countries had achieved universal or near-universal ( at least 98.4 % insured ) coverage of their populations by 1990 . ''	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2010 report observed that lack of health insurance causes roughly 48,000 unnecessary deaths every year in the United States .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	In 2007 , 62.1 % of filers for bankruptcies claimed high medical expenses .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	A 2013 study found that about 25 % of all senior citizens declare bankruptcy due to medical expenses , and 43 % are forced to mortgage or sell their primary residence .	0
how much does united states spend on health care	On March 23 , 2010 , the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) became law , providing for major changes in health insurance .	0
what can silk be used for	Four of the most important domesticated silk moths .	0
what can silk be used for	Top to bottom : Bombyx mori , Hyalophora cecropia , Antheraea pernyi , Samia cynthia .	0
what can silk be used for	From Meyers Konversations-Lexikon ( 1885-1892 )	0
what can silk be used for	A silk-producing raspy cricket .	0
what can silk be used for	Silk is a natural protein fibre , some forms of which can be woven into textiles .	1
what can silk be used for	The protein fibre of silk is composed mainly of fibroin and produced by certain insect larvae to form cocoons .	0
what can silk be used for	The best-known type of silk is obtained from the cocoons of the larvae of the mulberry silkworm Bombyx mori reared in captivity ( sericulture ) .	0
what can silk be used for	The shimmering appearance of silk is due to the triangular prism -like structure of the silk fibre , which allows silk cloth to refract incoming light at different angles , thus producing different colors .	0
what can silk be used for	Silks are produced by several other insects , but generally only the silk of moth caterpillars has been used for textile manufacturing .	0
what can silk be used for	There has been some research into other silks , which differ at the molecular level .	0
what can silk be used for	Many silks are mainly produced by the larvae of insects undergoing complete metamorphosis , but some adult insects such as webspinners produce silk , and some insects such as raspy crickets produce silk throughout their lives .	0
what can silk be used for	Silk production also occurs in Hymenoptera ( bees , wasps , and ants ) , silverfish , mayflies , thrips , leafhoppers , beetles , lacewings , fleas , flies and midges .	0
what can silk be used for	Other types of arthropod produce silk , most notably various arachnids such as spiders ( see spider silk ) .	0
how many rooms in borgata hotel	The Borgata Hotel Casino and Spa is a luxury hotel , casino , and spa in Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States .	0
how many rooms in borgata hotel	It is owned by Marina District Development , a joint venture between Boyd Gaming and a divesture trust established by MGM Resorts International .	0
how many rooms in borgata hotel	The $ 1.1 billion casino hotel features 2,002 rooms and is the largest hotel in New Jersey .	1
how many rooms in borgata hotel	The Borgata opened in July 2003 as a Las Vegas-style megaresort and is the top-grossing casino in Atlantic City .	0
what does informal logic mean	Informal logic , intuitively , refers to the principles of logic and logical thought outside of a formal setting .	1
what does informal logic mean	However , perhaps because of the informal in the title , the precise definition of informal logic is a matter of some dispute .	0
what does informal logic mean	Ralph H. Johnson and J. Anthony Blair define informal logic as `` a branch of logic whose task is to develop non-formal standards , criteria , procedures for the analysis , interpretation , evaluation , criticism and construction of argumentation . ''	0
what does informal logic mean	This definition reflects what had been implicit in their practice and what others were doing in their informal logic texts .	0
what does informal logic mean	Informal logic is associated with ( informal ) fallacies , critical thinking , the Thinking Skills Movement and the interdisciplinary inquiry known as argumentation theory .	0
what does informal logic mean	Frans H. van Eemeren writes that the label `` informal logic '' covers a `` collection of normative approaches to the study of reasoning in ordinary language that remain closer to the practice of argumentation than formal logic . ''	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Middle Triassic marginal marine sequence of siltstones ( below ) and limestones ( above ) , Virgin Formation , southwestern Utah , USA	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are types of rock that are formed by the deposition of material at the Earth 's surface and within bodies of water .	1
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentation is the collective name for processes that cause mineral and/or organic particles ( detritus ) to settle and accumulate or minerals to precipitate from a solution .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Particles that form a sedimentary rock by accumulating are called sediment .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Before being deposited , sediment was formed by weathering and erosion in a source area , and then transported to the place of deposition by water , wind , ice , mass movement or glaciers which are called agents of denudation .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The sedimentary rock cover of the continents of the Earth 's crust is extensive , but the total contribution of sedimentary rocks is estimated to be only 8 % of the total volume of the crust .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are only a thin veneer over a crust consisting mainly of igneous and metamorphic rocks .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are deposited in layers as strata , forming a structure called bedding .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The study of sedimentary rocks and rock strata provides information about the subsurface that is useful for civil engineering , for example in the construction of roads , houses , tunnels , canals or other constructions .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentary rocks are also important sources of natural resources like coal , fossil fuels , drinking water or ores .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The study of the sequence of sedimentary rock strata is the main source for scientific knowledge about the Earth 's history , including palaeogeography , paleoclimatology and the history of life .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	The scientific discipline that studies the properties and origin of sedimentary rocks is called sedimentology .	0
how does sedimentary rock form	Sedimentology is both part of geology and physical geography and overlaps partly with other disciplines in the Earth sciences , such as pedology , geomorphology , geochemistry or structural geology .	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	Linguistic map of Nigeria , Cameroon , and Benin .	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	Sign in English , outside the University of Lagos	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	There are hundreds of languages spoken in Nigeria .	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	The major languages are Yoruba , Hausa , Igbo , Edo , Fulfulde , Kanuri , and Ibibio .	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	The official language of Nigeria , English , the former colonial language , was chosen to facilitate the cultural and linguistic unity of the country .	1
what are the official languages of nigeria	English , however , remains an exclusive preserve of the country 's urban elite , and is not widely spoken in rural areas , which comprise three quarters of the countries population .	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	Nigeria 's linguistic diversity is a microcosm of Africa as a whole , encompassing three major African languages families : Afroasiatic , Nilo-Saharan , and Niger–Congo .	0
what are the official languages of nigeria	Nigeria also has several as-yet unclassified languages , such as Cen Tuum , which may represent a relic of an even greater diversity prior to the spread of the current language families .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	Martin Luther King , Jr. Day is a United States federal holiday marking the birthday of Rev . Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	It is observed on the third Monday of January each year , which is around the time of King 's birthday , January 15 .	1
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	The floating holiday is similar to holidays set under the Uniform Monday Holiday Act , though the act predated the establishment of Martin Luther King , Jr. Day by 15 years .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	King was the chief spokesman for nonviolent activism in the civil rights movement , which successfully protested racial discrimination in federal and state law .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	The campaign for a federal holiday in King 's honor began soon after his assassination in 1968 .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	Ronald Reagan signed the holiday into law in 1983 , and it was first observed on January 20 , 1986 .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	At first , some states resisted observing the holiday as such , giving it alternative names or combining it with other holidays .	0
what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr .	It was officially observed in all 50 states for the first time in 2000 .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The South Africa national rugby union team ( known as the Springboks ) represents South Africa in rugby union .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	They compete in the annual Rugby Championship , along with southern-hemisphere counterparts Argentina , Australia and New Zealand .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	They have won this championship on three occasions in sixteen years .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	They are currently ranked second in the world by the International Rugby Board , and were named 2008 World Team of the Year at the Laureus World Sports Awards .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	Although South Africa was instrumental in the creation of the Rugby World Cup competition , the Springboks did not compete in the first two World Cups in 1987 and 1991 because of anti-apartheid sporting boycotts of South Africa .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The team made its World Cup debut in 1995 , when the newly democratic South Africa hosted the tournament .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The Springboks then defeated the All Blacks 15–12 in the final , which is now remembered as one of the greatest moments in South Africa 's sporting history , and a watershed moment in the post-Apartheid nation-building process .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	South Africa regained their title as champions 12 years later , when they defeated England 15–6 in the 2007 final .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	As a result of the 2007 World Cup tournament the Springboks were promoted to first place in the IRB World Rankings , a position they held until July the following year when New Zealand regained the top spot .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The Springboks play in green and gold jerseys , and their emblems are the Springbok and the Protea .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The side has been playing international rugby since 1891 , when a British Isles side toured the nation , playing South Africa in their first Test on 30 July .	1
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	South Africa was coached by Jake White , who led the Boks to the 2007 World Cup title , announcing his resignation effectively from the end of 2007 .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	His replacement 's ( Peter de Villiers ) contract expired in 2011 , following a 11–9 defeat to Australia in the Rugby World Cup quarter-final , who then stated he would not be signing a new deal .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The previous captain was John Smit , who before he retired in 2011 played hooker for most of his career , although he has also been a prop , mainly in 2008 and 2009 .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	Due to Smit being unavailable for the November 2010 Tests after surgery , lock Victor Matfield took Smit 's place as captain for that tour .	0
what year did South Africa become a team in rugby	The current captain is Jean de Villiers .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	A thin film is a layer of material ranging from fractions of a nanometer ( monolayer ) to several micrometers in thickness .	1
what is `` thin film '' technology	Electronic semiconductor devices and optical coatings are the main applications benefiting from thin-film construction .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	A familiar application of thin films is the household mirror , which typically has a thin metal coating on the back of a sheet of glass to form a reflective interface .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	The process of silvering was once commonly used to produce mirrors .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	A very-thin-film coating ( less than a nanometer thick ) is used to produce two-way mirrors .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	The performance of optical coatings ( e.g . antireflective , or AR , coatings ) are typically enhanced when the thin-film coating consists of multiple layers having varying thicknesses and refractive indices .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	Similarly , a periodic structure of alternating thin films of different materials may collectively form a so-called superlattice which exploits the phenomenon of quantum confinement by restricting electronic phenomena to two-dimensions .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	Work is being done with ferromagnetic and ferroelectric thin films for use as computer memory .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	It is also being applied to pharmaceuticals , via thin-film drug delivery .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	Thin-films are used to produce thin-film batteries .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	Thin films are also used in dye-sensitized solar cells .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	Ceramic thin films are in wide use .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	The relatively high hardness and inertness of ceramic materials make this type of thin coating of interest for protection of substrate materials against corrosion , oxidation and wear .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	In particular , the use of such coatings on cutting tools can extend the life of these items by several orders of magnitude .	0
what is `` thin film '' technology	Research is being done on a new class of thin-film inorganic oxide materials , called amorphous heavy-metal cation multicomponent oxides , which could be used to make transparent transistors that are inexpensive , stable , and environmentally benign .	0
what are k cups	Five K-Cups	0
what are k cups	The inside of a used K-Cup , with the top foil and the used coffee grounds removed .	0
what are k cups	This shows the filter inside the K-Cup .	0
what are k cups	K-Cup portion packs are used with Keurig or other single cup brewing systems to brew a cup of coffee , tea , or hot chocolate .	1
what are k cups	Each K-Cup is a plastic container with a coffee filter inside .	0
what are k cups	Ground coffee beans are packed in the K-Cup and sealed air-tight with a combination plastic and foil lid .	0
what are k cups	When the K-Cup is placed in a Keurig brewer , the brewer punctures the foil lid and the bottom of the K-Cup and forces hot water under pressure through the K-Cup and into a mug .	0
what are k cups	Keurig licenses its K-Cup technology to coffee roasters and tea makers such as Green Mountain Coffee Roasters , Diedrich/ Gloria Jeans , Timothy 's World Coffee , Van Houtte , Caribou Coffee , Celestial Seasonings , Bigelow Tea Company , Twinings , Tully 's , Coffee People and Newman 's Own .	0
what are k cups	Keurig 's patents on the original K-Cup design expired in September 2012 .	0
what are k cups	Keurig holds at least one additional , still-active US patent and another patent application , detailing improvements that have subsequently been incorporated in their K-Cup design .	0
what area code is 479	Area code 479 is the telephone area code serving thirteen counties in northwest Arkansas , including the cities of Fort Smith , Fayetteville , Springdale , Rogers and Bentonville : the second , third , fourth , eighth and tenth-largest cities in the state , respectively .	1
what area code is 479	It was created in 2002 in a split from area code 501 .	0
what area code is 479	Area code 479 serves Benton , Carroll ( split with area code 870 ) , Crawford , Franklin , Johnson , Logan , Madison , Polk , Pope , Scott , Sebastian , Washington and Yell Counties in Arkansas .	1
when did kurt cobain kill himself	Kurt 's signature	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	Kurt Donald Cobain ( February 20 , 1967 – April 5 , 1994 ) was an American musician and artist , best known as the lead singer , guitarist and primary songwriter of the grunge band Nirvana .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	Cobain formed Nirvana with Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen , Washington in 1985 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene , having its debut album Bleach released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989 .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	After signing with major label DGC Records , the band found breakthrough success with `` Smells Like Teen Spirit `` from its second album Nevermind ( 1991 ) .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	Following the success of Nevermind , Nirvana was labeled `` the flagship band '' of Generation X , and Cobain hailed as `` the spokesman of a generation '' .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	Cobain , however , was often uncomfortable and frustrated , believing his message and artistic vision to have been misinterpreted by the public , with his personal issues often subject to media attention .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	He challenged Nirvana 's audience with its final studio album In Utero ( 1993 ) .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	During the last years of his life , Cobain struggled with heroin addiction , illness and depression .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	He also had difficulty coping with his fame and public image , and the professional and lifelong personal pressures surrounding himself and his wife , musician Courtney Love .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	On April 8 , 1994 , Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle , the victim of what was officially ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head .	1
when did kurt cobain kill himself	The circumstances of his death at age 27 have become a topic of public fascination and debate .	0
when did kurt cobain kill himself	Since their debut , Nirvana , with Cobain as a songwriter , has sold over 25 million albums in the U.S. , and over 50 million worldwide .	0
where is dear john filmed at	Dear John is a 2010 American romantic drama - war film starring Amanda Seyfried and Channing Tatum .	0
where is dear john filmed at	It was released theatrically in North America on February 5 , 2010 .	0
where is dear john filmed at	The film was directed by Lasse Hallström , and it is an adaptation of Nicholas Sparks 's novel of the same name .	0
where is dear john filmed at	It follows the life of a soldier ( Channing Tatum ) after he falls in love with a young woman ( Amanda Seyfried ) .	0
where is dear john filmed at	They decide to exchange letters to each other after he is deployed to the war .	0
where is dear john filmed at	The movie was filmed in 2009 in Charleston , South Carolina .	1
where is dear john filmed at	Despite receiving negative reviews , the film made a strong box office performance , knocking off Avatar after seven weekends in first place and grossing a total of $ 114,977,104 worldwide .	0
where is dear john filmed at	The film was released on May 25 , 2010 on DVD and Blu-ray .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Surface of the Atlantic ocean meeting the Earth 's planetary boundary layer and troposphere .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Waves on an ocean coast .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	This animation uses Earth science data from a variety of sensors on NASA Earth observing satellites to measure physical oceanography parameters such as ocean currents , ocean winds , sea surface height and sea surface temperature .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	An ocean ( ; the World Ocean of classical antiquity ) is a body of saline water that composes a large part of a planet 's hydrosphere .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	In the context of Earth , it refers to one or all of the major divisions of the planet 's World Ocean – they are , in descending order of area , the Pacific , Atlantic , Indian , Southern ( Antarctic ) , and Arctic Oceans .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	The word `` sea `` is often used interchangeably with `` ocean '' , but strictly speaking a sea is a body of saline water ( possibly a division of the World Ocean ) partly or fully enclosed by land .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Earth is the only planet known to have an ocean ( or any large amounts of open liquid water ) .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Approximately 72 % of the planet 's surface ( ~3.6x108 km2 ) is covered by saline water that is customarily divided into several principal oceans and smaller seas , with the ocean covering approximately 71 % of the Earth 's surface .	1
how much of earth is covered ocean water	In terms of the hydrosphere of the Earth , the ocean contains 97 % of the Earth 's water .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Oceanographers have stated that out of 97 % , only 5 % of the ocean as a whole on Earth has been explored .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Because it is the principal component of Earth 's hydrosphere , the world ocean is integral to all known life , forms part of the carbon cycle , and influences climate and weather patterns .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	The total volume is approximately 1.3 billion cubic kilometres ( 310 million cu mi ) with an average depth of .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	It is the habitat of 230,000 known species , although much of the ocean 's depths remain unexplored and it is estimated that over two million marine species exist .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	The origin of Earth 's oceans is still unknown , but oceans are believed to have formed in the Hadean period and may have been the impetus for the emergence of life .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Extraterrestrial oceans may be composed of a wide range of elements and compounds .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	The only confirmed large stable bodies of extraterrestrial surface liquids are the lakes of Titan , although there is evidence for the existence of oceans elsewhere in the Solar System .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Early in their geologic histories , Mars and Venus are theorized to have had large water oceans .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	The Mars ocean hypothesis suggests that nearly a third of the surface of Mars was once covered by water , though the water on Mars is no longer oceanic , and a runaway greenhouse effect may have boiled away the global ocean of Venus .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Compounds such as salts and ammonia dissolved in water lower its freezing point , so that water might exist in large quantities in extraterrestrial environments as brine or convecting ice .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Unconfirmed oceans are speculated beneath the surface of many dwarf planets and natural satellites ; notably , the ocean of Europa is believed to have over twice the water volume of Earth .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	The Solar System 's gas giant planets are also believed to possess liquid atmospheric layers of yet to be confirmed compositions .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Oceans may also exist on exoplanets and exomoons , including surface oceans of liquid water within a circumstellar habitable zone .	0
how much of earth is covered ocean water	Ocean planets are a hypothetical type of planet with a surface completely covered with liquid .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Assassination attempts and plots on Presidents of the United States have been numerous : more than 20 attempts to kill sitting and former presidents , as well as the Presidents-elect , are known .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Four sitting presidents have been killed : Abraham Lincoln ( the 16th President ) , James A. Garfield ( the 20th President ) , William McKinley ( the 25th President ) and John F. Kennedy ( the 35th President ) .	1
how many presidents have been assassinated	Two presidents were injured in attempted assassinations : former President Theodore Roosevelt ( the 26th President ) , and President Ronald Reagan ( the 40th President ) .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Although the historian J.W . Clarke has suggested that most American assassinations were politically motivated actions , carried out by rational men , not all such attacks have been undertaken for political reasons .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Some attackers had questionable mental stability , and a few were judged legally insane .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	Since the Vice President of the United States has for more than a century been elected from the same political party as the President , the assassination of the President is unlikely to result in major policy changes .	0
how many presidents have been assassinated	This may explain why political groups typically do not make such attacks .	0
what is scurvy disease	Scurvy is a disease resulting from a deficiency of vitamin C , which is required for the synthesis of collagen in humans .	1
what is scurvy disease	The chemical name for vitamin C , ascorbic acid , is derived from the Latin name of scurvy , scorbutus , which also provides the adjective scorbutic ( `` of , characterized by or having to do with scurvy '' ) .	0
what is scurvy disease	Scurvy often presents itself initially as symptoms of malaise and lethargy , followed by formation of spots on the skin , spongy gums , and bleeding from the mucous membranes .	0
what is scurvy disease	Spots are most abundant on the thighs and legs , and a person with the ailment looks pale , feels depressed , and is partially immobilized .	0
what is scurvy disease	As scurvy advances , there can be open , suppurating wounds , loss of teeth , jaundice , fever , neuropathy and death .	0
what is scurvy disease	Scurvy was at one time common among sailors , pirates and others aboard ships at sea longer than perishable fruits and vegetables could be stored ( subsisting instead only on cured and salted meats and dried grains ) and by soldiers similarly deprived of these foods for extended periods .	0
what is scurvy disease	It was described by Hippocrates ( c. 460 BC–c . 380 BC ) , and herbal cures for scurvy have been known in many native cultures since prehistory .	0
what is scurvy disease	Scurvy was one of the limiting factors of marine travel , often killing large numbers of the passengers and crew on long-distance voyages .	0
what is scurvy disease	This became a significant issue in Europe from the beginning of the modern era in the Age of Discovery in the 15th century , continuing to play a significant role through World War I in the 20th century .	0
what is scurvy disease	While today scurvy is known to be caused by a nutritional deficiency , until the isolation of vitamin C and direct evidence of its link to scurvy in 1932 , numerous theories and treatments were proposed , often on little or no experimental data .	0
what is scurvy disease	This inconsistency is attributed to the lack of vitamin C as a distinct concept , an inability to reliably link different foods ( notably present in fresh citrus , watercress , and organ meat ) to scurvy .	0
what is scurvy disease	An additional concept required to understand scurvy was the degradation of vitamin C by exposure to air and copper and other transition metal salts such as those of iron , thus changing the links of foods to scurvy over time .	0
what is scurvy disease	Treatment by fresh food , particularly citrus fruit , was periodically implemented , as it had been since antiquity .	0
what is scurvy disease	However until the 1930s , treatment was inconsistent , with many ineffective treatments used into the 20th century .	0
what is scurvy disease	It was a Scottish surgeon in the Royal Navy , James Lind who first proved it could be treated with citrus fruit in experiments he described in his 1753 book , A Treatise of the Scurvy , though his advice was not implemented by the Royal Navy for several decades .	0
what is scurvy disease	In infants , scurvy is sometimes referred to as Barlow 's disease , named after Sir Thomas Barlow , a British physician who described it .	0
what is scurvy disease	However , Barlow 's disease may also refer to mitral valve prolapse .	0
what is scurvy disease	Other eponyms for scurvy include Moeller 's disease and Cheadle 's disease .	0
what is scurvy disease	Scurvy does not occur in most animals because they can synthesize their own vitamin C .	0
what is scurvy disease	However , humans and other higher primates ( the simians - monkeys and apes - and tarsiers ) , guinea pigs , most or all bats , and some species of birds and fish lack an enzyme ( L-gulonolactone oxidase ) necessary for such synthesis and must obtain vitamin C through their diet .	0
what is scurvy disease	Vitamin C is widespread in plant tissues , with particularly high concentrations occurring in citrus fruits ( oranges , lemons , limes , grapefruits ) , tomatoes , potatoes , cabbages , and green peppers .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	Mara Salvatrucha ( commonly abbreviated as MS , Mara , and MS-13 ) is a transnational criminal gang that originated in Los Angeles and has spread to other parts of the United States , Canada , Mexico , and Central America .	1
where was ms-13 originally from	The majority of the gang is ethnically composed of Central Americans and active in urban and suburban areas .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	In the U.S. , the MS-13 has an especially heavy presence in Los Angeles County and the San Francisco Bay Area in Northern California ; the Washington , D.C. metropolitan areas of Fairfax County , Virginia , Montgomery County , Maryland , and Prince George 's County , Maryland ; Long Island , New York ; the Boston , Massachusetts area ; Charlotte , North Carolina ; and Houston , Texas .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	There is also a presence of MS-13 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	Members of MS distinguish themselves by tattoos covering the body and also often the face , as well as the use of their own sign language .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	They are notorious for their use of violence and a subcultural moral code that predominantly consists of merciless revenge and cruel retributions .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	This cruelty of the distinguished members of the `` Maras '' or `` Mareros '' earned them a path to be recruited by the Sinaloa Cartel battling against Los Zetas in an ongoing drug war south of the United States border .	0
where was ms-13 originally from	Their wide-ranging activities have drawn the attention of the FBI and Immigration and Customs Enforcement , who have initiated wide-scale raids against known and suspected gang members – netting hundreds of arrests across the country .	0
what is the function of the hard palate	The hard palate is a thin horizontal bony plate of the skull , located in the roof of the mouth .	0
what is the function of the hard palate	It spans the arch formed by the upper teeth .	0
what is the function of the hard palate	It is formed by the palatine process of the maxilla and horizontal plate of palatine bone .	0
what is the function of the hard palate	It forms a partition between the nasal passages and the mouth .	0
what is the function of the hard palate	Also on the anterior portion of the roof of the hard palate is the Rugae which are the irregular ridges in the mucous membrane that help facilitate the movement of food backwards towards the pharynx .	1
what is the function of the hard palate	This partition is continued deeper into the mouth by a fleshy extension called the soft palate .	0
what county is willmar mn in ?	Willmar is a city in , and the county seat of , Kandiyohi County , Minnesota , United States .	1
what county is willmar mn in ?	The population was 19,610 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is willmar mn in ?	Willmar has been assigned ZIP code 56201 by the United States Postal Service .	0
what county is willmar mn in ?	U.S . Routes 12 and 71 and Minnesota State Highways 23 and 40 are four of the main routes in the city .	0
how many baseball teams usa	The headquarters of Major League Baseball at 245 Park Avenue , Midtown Manhattan , New York City , USA .	0
how many baseball teams usa	Major League Baseball ( MLB ) is a professional baseball league , consisting of teams that play in the National League and the American League .	0
how many baseball teams usa	Dating to 1876 and 1901 respectively , the two leagues merged in 2000 into a single organization led by the Commissioner of Baseball , after 100 years as separate legal entities .	0
how many baseball teams usa	MLB constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada .	0
how many baseball teams usa	It is composed of 30 teams — 29 in the United States and one in Canada .	1
how many baseball teams usa	Teams in MLB play 162 games each season over six months ( April through September ) .	0
how many baseball teams usa	Five teams in each league advance to a four-round postseason tournament that culminates in the World Series , a best-of-seven-games championship series between the two league champions which dates to 1903 .	0
how many baseball teams usa	The organization oversees many minor-league baseball leagues which operate about 240 teams affiliated with the major-league clubs .	0
how many baseball teams usa	With the International Baseball Federation , the league also manages the international World Baseball Classic tournament .	0
how many baseball teams usa	MLB has the highest season attendance of any sports league in the world with nearly 75 million spectators in 2012 .	0
what is honey bee propolis	Propolis as hive sealing	1
what is honey bee propolis	Propolis is a resinous mixture that honey bees collect from tree buds , sap flows , or other botanical sources .	1
what is honey bee propolis	It is used as a sealant for unwanted open spaces in the hive .	0
what is honey bee propolis	Propolis is used for small gaps ( approximately or less ) , while larger spaces are usually filled with beeswax .	0
what is honey bee propolis	Its color varies depending on its botanical source , the most common being dark brown .	0
what is honey bee propolis	Propolis is sticky at and above room temperature , .	0
what is honey bee propolis	At lower temperatures , it becomes hard and very brittle .	0
What is sign of cancer	Cancer ( ♋ ) is an astrological sign , which is associated with the constellation Cancer .	1
What is sign of cancer	It spans the 90-120th degree of the zodiac , between 90 and 125.25 degree of celestial longitude , which the Sun transits this area on average between June 22 to July 22 each year .	0
What is sign of cancer	And under the sidereal zodiac , it is currently from July 21 to August 9 .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Sunshine of your love guitar riff	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Cream were a 1960s British rock supergroup consisting of bassist/vocalist Jack Bruce , guitarist/vocalist Eric Clapton , and drummer Ginger Baker .	1
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Their sound was characterised by a hybrid of blues rock , hard rock and psychedelic rock , combining the psychedelia-themed lyrics , Eric Clapton 's blues guitar playing and vocals , Jack Bruce 's voice and prominent bass playing and Ginger Baker 's jazz -influenced drumming .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	The group 's third album , Wheels of Fire , was the world 's first platinum-selling double album .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Cream are widely regarded as being the world 's first successful supergroup .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	In their career , they sold over 15 million albums worldwide .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Cream 's music included songs based on traditional blues such as `` Crossroads `` and `` Spoonful `` , and modern blues such as `` Born Under a Bad Sign `` , as well as more eccentric songs such as `` Strange Brew `` , `` Tales of Brave Ulysses `` and `` Toad `` .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Cream 's biggest hits were `` I Feel Free `` ( UK , number 11 ) , `` Sunshine of Your Love `` ( US , number 5 ) , `` White Room `` ( US , number 6 ) , `` Crossroads '' ( US , number 28 ) , and `` Badge `` ( UK , number 18 ) .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Cream made a significant impact on the popular music of the time , and , along with Jimi Hendrix , and Terry Kath of Chicago , popularised the use of the wah-wah pedal .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	They provided a heavy yet technically proficient musical theme that foreshadowed and influenced the emergence of British bands such as The Jeff Beck Group in the late 1960s .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	The band 's live performances influenced progressive rock acts such as Rush .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	Cream were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993 .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	They were included in both Rolling Stone and VH1 's lists of the `` 100 Greatest Artists of All Time '' .	0
who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968	They were also ranked number 16 on VH1 's `` 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock '' .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	Interstate 70 ( I-70 ) is an Interstate Highway in the United States that runs from Interstate 15 near Cove Fort , Utah , to a Park and Ride near Baltimore , Maryland .	1
what states does interstate 70 travel through	It was the first Interstate Highway project in the United States .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	I-70 approximately traces the path of U.S. Route 40 ( and also the old National Road ) east of the Rocky Mountains .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	West of the Rockies , the route of I-70 was derived from multiple sources .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	I-70 is the fifth longest Interstate Highway , after I-90 , I-80 , I-40 , and I-10 .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	The construction of I-70 in Colorado and Utah is considered an engineering marvel as the route passes through the Eisenhower Tunnel , Glenwood Canyon , and the San Rafael Swell .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	The Eisenhower Tunnel is the highest point along the Interstate Highway system with an elevation of .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	The sections of the interstate in Missouri and Kansas have laid claim to be the first interstate in the United States .	0
what states does interstate 70 travel through	Though disputed , the Federal Highway Administration has claimed the section of I-70 through Glenwood Canyon , completed in 1992 , was the last piece of the Interstate Highway system , as originally planned , to open to traffic .	0
how does flexible spending account work	A flexible spending account ( FSA ) , also known as a flexible spending arrangement , is one of a number of tax-advantaged financial accounts that can be set up through a cafeteria plan of an employer in the United States .	0
how does flexible spending account work	An FSA allows an employee to set aside a portion of earnings to pay for qualified expenses as established in the cafeteria plan , most commonly for medical expenses but often for dependent care or other expenses .	1
how does flexible spending account work	Money deducted from an employee 's pay into an FSA is not subject to payroll taxes , resulting in substantial payroll tax savings .	0
how does flexible spending account work	One significant disadvantage to using an FSA is that funds not used by the end of the plan year are lost to the employee , known as the `` use it or lose it '' rule .	0
how does flexible spending account work	The most common type of flexible spending account , the medical expense FSA ( also medical FSA or health FSA ) , is similar to a health savings account ( HSA ) or a health reimbursement account ( HRA ) .	0
how does flexible spending account work	However , while HSAs and HRAs are almost exclusively used as components of a consumer driven health care plan , medical FSAs are commonly offered with more traditional health plans as well .	0
how does flexible spending account work	In addition , funds in a health savings account are not lost when the plan year is over , unlike funds in an FSA .	0
how does flexible spending account work	Paper forms or an FSA debit card , also known as a Flexcard , may be used to access the account funds .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	Typical modern memory card reader , compatible with many common formats	0
what is an sd memory card reader	A memory card reader is a device , typically having a USB interface , for accessing the data on a memory card such as a CompactFlash ( CF ) , Secure Digital ( SD ) or MultiMediaCard ( MMC ) .	1
what is an sd memory card reader	Most card readers also offer write capability , and together with the card , this can function as a pen drive .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	Some printers and personal computers have a built-in card reader .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	A multi card reader is used for communication with more than one type of flash memory card .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	Multi card readers do not have built-in memory capacity , but are able to accept multiple types and styles of memory cards .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	The number of compatible memory cards varies from reader to reader and can include more than 20 different types .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	The number of different memory cards that a multi card reader can accept is expressed as x-in-1 , with x being a figure of merit indicating the number of memory cards accepted , such as 35-in-1 .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	There are three categories of card readers sorted by the type and quantity of the card slots : single card reader ( e.g . 1x SD-only ) , multi card reader ( e.g . 9-in-1 ) and series card reader ( e.g . 4x SD only ) .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	Some kinds of memory cards with their own USB functions do not need the card reader , such as the Intelligent Stick memory card , which can plug directly into a USB slot .	0
what is an sd memory card reader	The USB device class used is 0x08 .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	The attack on Pearl Harbor ( called Hawaii Operation or Operation AI by the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters ( Operation Z in planning ) and the Battle of Pearl Harbor ) was a surprise military strike conducted by the Imperial Japanese Navy against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii , on the morning of December 7 , 1941 ( December 8 in Japan ) .	1
what was the date of pearl harbor	From the standpoint of the defenders , the attack commenced at 7:48 a.m. Hawaiian Time .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	The attack was intended as a preventive action in order to keep the U.S. Pacific Fleet from interfering with military actions the Empire of Japan was planning in Southeast Asia against overseas territories of the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , and the United States .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	The base was attacked by 353 Japanese fighters , bombers and torpedo planes in two waves , launched from six aircraft carriers .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	All eight U.S. Navy battleships were damaged , with four being sunk .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	Two of these were later raised , and with the remaining four repaired , six battleships returned to service later in the war .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers , three destroyers , an anti-aircraft training ship , and one minelayer .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	188 U.S. aircraft were destroyed ; 2,402 Americans were killed and 1,282 wounded .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	Important base installations such as the power station , shipyard , maintenance , and fuel and torpedo storage facilities , as well as the submarine piers and headquarters building ( also home of the intelligence section ) were not attacked .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	Japanese losses were light : 29 aircraft and five midget submarines lost , and 65 servicemen killed or wounded .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	One Japanese sailor was captured .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	The attack came as a profound shock to the American people and led directly to the American entry into World War II in both the Pacific and European theaters .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	The following day ( December 8 ) , the United States declared war on Japan .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	Domestic support for non-interventionism , which had been strong , disappeared .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	Clandestine support of Britain ( for example the Neutrality Patrol ) was replaced by active alliance .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	Subsequent operations by the U.S. prompted Germany and Italy to declare war on the U.S. on December 11 , which was reciprocated by the U.S. the same day .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	There were numerous historical precedents for unannounced military action by Japan .	0
what was the date of pearl harbor	However , the lack of any formal warning , particularly while negotiations were still apparently ongoing , led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to proclaim December 7 , 1941 , `` a date which will live in infamy `` .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	1
when did the civil war start and where	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
when did the civil war start and where	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
when did the civil war start and where	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
when did the civil war start and where	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
when did the civil war start and where	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
when did the civil war start and where	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
when did the civil war start and where	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
when did the civil war start and where	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	0
when did the civil war start and where	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
What region of France is Montargis in ?	Floorplan of the Château de Montargis	0
What region of France is Montargis in ?	Montargis is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France on the Loing river .	0
What region of France is Montargis in ?	The town is located about south of Paris and east of Orléans in the Gâtinais .	1
What region of France is Montargis in ?	Montargis is the second largest city in the Loiret , after Orléans .	0
What region of France is Montargis in ?	It is near a large forest , and contains light industry and farming , including saffron .	0
What region of France is Montargis in ?	Due to its numerous canals and bridges , Montargis sometimes bills itself as the `` Venice of the Gâtinais . ''	0
What region of France is Montargis in ?	Though quite modern , it retains a medieval charm in its downtown area .	0
where is basque spoken	Family transmission of Basque language ( Basque as initial language )	0
where is basque spoken	Percentage of students registered in Basque language schools ( 2000–2005 ) .	0
where is basque spoken	Location of the Basque-language provinces within Spain and France	0
where is basque spoken	Basque ( endonym : , ) is the ancestral language of the Basque people , who inhabit the Basque Country , a region spanning an area in northeastern Spain and southwestern France .	1
where is basque spoken	It is spoken by 27 % of Basques in all territories ( 714,136 out of 2,648,998 ) .	0
where is basque spoken	Of these , 663,035 live in the Spanish part of the Basque country and the remaining 51,100 live in the French part .	0
where is basque spoken	In academic discussions of the distribution of Basque in Spain and France , it is customary to refer to three ancient provinces in France and four Spanish provinces .	0
where is basque spoken	Native speakers are concentrated in a contiguous area including parts of the Spanish autonomous communities of the Basque Country and Navarre and in the western half of the French département of Pyrénées-Atlantiques .	0
where is basque spoken	The Basque Autonomous Community is an administrative entity within the binational ethnographic Basque Country incorporating the traditional Spanish provinces of Biscay , Gipuzkoa , and Álava , which retain their existence as politico-administrative divisions .	0
where is basque spoken	These provinces and many areas of Navarre are heavily populated by ethnic Basques , but Basque was , at least until the 1990s , not spoken as a native language in most of Álava , western parts of Biscay and central and southern areas of Navarre , either because it had been replaced by Spanish along the centuries , in some areas , or because it had never been spoken there , in other areas .	0
where is basque spoken	In southwestern France , the ancient Basque-populated provinces were Labourd , Lower Navarre , and Soule .	0
where is basque spoken	They and other regions were consolidated into a single département in 1790 under the name Basses-Pyrénées , a name which persisted until 1970 .	0
where is basque spoken	A standardized form of the Basque language , called Euskara Batua , was developed by the Basque Language Academy in the late 1960s .	0
where is basque spoken	Euskara Batua was created so that Basque language could be used—and easily understood by all Basque speakers—in formal situations ( education , mass media , literature ) , and this is its main use today .	0
where is basque spoken	The role of this standard Basque language depends on the linguistic educational model of each region and each school .	0
where is basque spoken	In most areas of the Spanish Basque Country , the educational Model D , where all subjects are taught in Basque , except `` Spanish language and literature '' ( which is taught in Spanish ) is now the predominant model .	0
where is basque spoken	In France , the Basque language school Seaska and the association for a bilingual ( Basque and French ) schooling Ikasbi meet a wide range of Basque language educational needs up to the Sixth Form , while often struggling to surmount financial and administrative constraints .	0
where is basque spoken	Apart from this standardized version , there are five main Basque dialects : Bizkaian , Gipuzkoan , and Upper Navarrese in Spain , and Navarrese–Lapurdian and Zuberoan ( in France ) .	0
where is basque spoken	Although they take their names from the mentioned historic provinces , the dialect boundaries are not congruent with province boundaries .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	Loxahatchee is a community located in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .	1
where is loxahatchee fl at	It is located in the areas north of Wellington and west and northwest of Royal Palm Beach , Florida and approximately west of West Palm Beach .	1
where is loxahatchee fl at	Loxahatchee is also the name of the Post Office that serves this area , which is under the zip code of 33470 .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	The name Loxahatchee means `` turtle river . ''	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	Loxahatchee is located within the Indian Trails Improvement District and the Loxahatchee Groves Water Control District .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	Lion Country Safari , a drive-through safari park , is located in Loxahatchee .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	In 2006 , the state of Florida approved incorporation of part of Loxahatchee as the Town of Loxahatchee Groves to become the 38th municipality in Palm Beach County .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	The main reason for incorporating was to better protect the area from encroaching growth and to preserve the rural character of the neighborhood .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	Perhaps the most rural area within a close proximity to West Palm Beach , with lot sizes range from 1-20 acres .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	Along with The Acreage , it is notable for loose land restrictions and the native and exotic animal presence is quite notable .	0
where is loxahatchee fl at	Seminole Ridge High School serves the area .	0
what is a book index	An index ( plural : indexes ) is a list of words or phrases ( 'headings ' ) and associated pointers ( 'locators ' ) to where useful material relating to that heading can be found in a document .	1
what is a book index	In a traditional back-of-the-book index the headings will include names of people , places and events , and concepts selected by a person as being relevant and of interest to a possible reader of the book .	0
what is a book index	The pointers are typically page numbers , paragraph numbers or section numbers .	0
what is a book index	In a library catalog the words are authors , titles , subject headings , etc. , and the pointers are call numbers .	0
what is a book index	Internet search engines , such as Google , and full text searching help provide access to information but are not as selective as an index , as they provide non-relevant links , and may miss relevant information if it is not phrased in exactly the way they expect .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	An ombudsman is an official , usually appointed by the government or by parliament but with a significant degree of independence , who is charged with representing the interests of the public by investigating and addressing complaints of maladministration or violation of rights .	1
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	In some countries an Inspector General , Citizen Advocate or other official may have duties similar to those of a national ombudsman , and may also be appointed by the legislature .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	Below the national level an ombudsman may be appointed by a state , local or municipal government , and unofficial ombudsmen may be appointed by , or even work for , a corporation such as a utility supplier or a newspaper , for an NGO , or for a professional regulatory body .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	Whether appointed by the legislature , the executive , or an organization ( or , less frequently , elected by the constituency that he or she serves ) , the typical duties of an ombudsman are to investigate complaints and attempt to resolve them , usually through recommendations ( binding or not ) or mediation .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	Ombudsmen sometimes also aim to identify systemic issues leading to poor service or breaches of people 's rights .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	At the national level , most ombudsmen have a wide mandate to deal with the entire public sector , and sometimes also elements of the private sector ( for example , contracted service providers ) .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	In some cases , there is a more restricted mandate , for example with particular sectors of society .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	More recent developments have included the creation of specialised Children 's Ombudsman and Information Commissioner agencies .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	In some jurisdictions an ombudsman charged with the handling of concerns about national government is more formally referred to as the `` Parliamentary Commissioner '' ( e.g . the United Kingdom Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration , and the Western Australian state Ombudsman ) .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	In many countries where the ombudsman 's remit extends beyond dealing with alleged maladministration to promoting and protecting human rights , the ombudsman is recognised as the national human rights institution .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	The post of ombudsman had by the end of the 20th century been instituted by most governments and by some intergovernmental organizations such as the European Union .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	Making a complaint to an ombudsman is usually free of charge .	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	Sign at Georgetown University Washington DC	0
what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government ?	Sign in Banjul , The Gambia	0
how many pawns in chess	Pawn in the standard Staunton pattern	0
how many pawns in chess	The pawn ( ♙♟ ) is the most numerous and in most circumstances the weakest piece in the game of chess , historically representing infantry or , more particularly , armed peasants or pikemen .	0
how many pawns in chess	In chess , each player begins the game with eight pawns , one on each square of the rank immediately in front of the other pieces .	1
how many pawns in chess	( In algebraic notation , the white pawns start on a2 , b2 , c2 , ... , h2 , while black pawns start on a7 , b7 , c7 , ... , h7 . )	0
how many pawns in chess	Individual pawns are referred to by the file on which they stand .	0
how many pawns in chess	For example , one speaks of `` White 's f-pawn '' or `` Black 's b-pawn '' , or less commonly ( using descriptive notation ) , `` White 's king 's bishop pawn '' or `` Black 's queen 's knight pawn '' .	0
how many pawns in chess	It is also common to refer to a rook pawn , meaning any pawn on the a- or h-file , a knight pawn ( on the b- or g-file ) , a bishop pawn ( on the c- or f-file ) , a queen pawn ( on the d-file ) , a king pawn ( on the e-file ) , and a central pawn ( on either the d- or e-file ) .	0
what does a timing belt do	A timing belt is a non-slipping mechanical drive belt and the term may refer to either:	0
what does a timing belt do	Toothed belt , a flexible belt with teeth moulded onto its inner surface	0
what does a timing belt do	Timing belt ( camshaft ) , a toothed belt used to drive the camshaft ( s ) within an internal combustion engine	1
where is kj 52 from	Jonah Kirsten Sorrentino ( born June 26 , 1975 ) , better known by his stage name KJ-52 , is a Christian rapper from Tampa , Florida .	1
where is kj 52 from	The `` KJ '' part of his name refers to his old rap alias , `` King J. Mac , '' a name which he later described in one of his podcasts as `` horribly cheesy . ''	0
where is kj 52 from	`` 52 '' , which is pronounced `` five two '' , not `` fifty-two '' , is a reference to the Biblical story of Jesus feeding the multitude with five loaves and two fish , which is also sung about in his song `` Push Up '' from The Yearbook and in the `` KJ Five Two '' on It 's Pronounced 'Five Two .	0
where is kj 52 from	He was awarded the Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song of the Year for `` Never Look Away '' and Rap/Hip Hop Album of the Year at the GMA Dove Awards of 2007 .	0
where is kj 52 from	On July 28 , 2009 , KJ-52 released `` End of My Rope '' , which is the first single for his album Five-Two Television .	0
where is kj 52 from	His song `` Dear Slim '' is based on Eminem 's song `` Stan `` and is a sort of personal message from KJ-52 to Eminem .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti Shequoiya Douglas ( born October 13 , 1980 ) is an American singer-songwriter , record producer , and actress .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti is most famous for her eponymous debut album , which featured the hit song `` Foolish `` , and sold over 503,000 copies in its first week of release throughout the U.S. in April 2002 .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	The album set a Soundscan record as the biggest opening week sales for a new female artist , outselling debuts by Alicia Keys and Lauryn Hill .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	In the same week , she became the first female performer to simultaneously hold the top two places on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart with `` Foolish '' , and `` What 's Luv ? ``	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	( with Fat Joe ) .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti broke records again by having three top ten songs , `` Foolish , '' `` What 's Luv ? '' and `` Always on Time `` , on the Billboard Hot 100 charts in the same week , being the first woman to accomplish this feat and being second only to the Beatles .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	In 2003 , the self-titled debut album won Ashanti her first Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R & B album .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	As of April 1st 2013 , Ashanti has sold over 27.7 million records worldwide .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti ended the decade ( 2000–09 ) as the third top new R & B artist behind Alicia Keys and Beyoncé .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She also ended the decade at number 38 on the Top Artist of the Decade list .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She is currently on the list of The Twenty Best Selling Music Singles Since 1990 for her single Foolish for selling 7.2 million copies to-date .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti has an estimated net worth of $ 40 million dollars [ USD ] .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti wrote and sang background on Jennifer Lopez 's `` Ai n't It Funny ( Murder Remix ) `` , which reached number one on Billboard Hot 100 , which was also in the top 10 chart at the same time as `` Foolish '' , `` Always on Time '' ( with Ja Rule ) , and `` What 's Luv '' ( with Fat Joe ) .	1
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Later that year , she was acclaimed as the `` Princess Of Hip-Hop & R & B '' by her label and capped off her successful debut by winning eight Billboard awards and two American Music Awards .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Within seven years of Ashanti 's career , she has scored 16 top 40 hits on the Hot 100 .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti has endorsed numerous products including Gap , Herbal Essences and Mudd Jeans .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Ashanti cites Whitney Houston , Janet Jackson , Prince , Madonna , Tupac Shakur , Mary J. Blige , Ella Fitzgerald , Smokey Robinson , Donna Summer , and Blue Magic as her musical influences .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	Praised as a gifted songwriter by her peers and critics alike , Ashanti has written/co-written the bulk of all her music .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She is currently working on her own publishing company entitled Written Entertainment .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She released her fourth studio album entitled The Declaration on June 3 , 2008 and is currently in the studio working on her fifth .	0
what artist have song with ashanti ?	She also performed the charity tune `` Just Stand Up `` alongside 15 other female singers for the `` Stand Up to Cancer '' live television special which helped raise $ 100 million dollars for cancer research .	0
who reports the consumer price index	A graph of the US CPI from 1913 to 2006 ( in blue ) , and its percent annual change ( in red )	0
who reports the consumer price index	A consumer price index ( CPI ) measures changes in the price level of a market basket of consumer goods and services purchased by households .	0
who reports the consumer price index	The CPI in the United States is defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as `` a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services . ''	1
who reports the consumer price index	The CPI is a statistical estimate constructed using the prices of a sample of representative items whose prices are collected periodically .	0
who reports the consumer price index	Sub-indexes and sub-sub-indexes are computed for different categories and sub-categories of goods and services , being combined to produce the overall index with weights reflecting their shares in the total of the consumer expenditures covered by the index .	0
who reports the consumer price index	It is one of several price indices calculated by most national statistical agencies .	0
who reports the consumer price index	The annual percentage change in a CPI is used as a measure of inflation .	0
who reports the consumer price index	A CPI can be used to index ( i.e. , adjust for the effect of inflation ) the real value of wages , salaries , pensions , for regulating prices and for deflating monetary magnitudes to show changes in real values .	0
who reports the consumer price index	In most countries , the CPI is , along with the population census and the USA National Income and Product Accounts , one of the most closely watched national economic statistics .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Theodore `` T.R . ''	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Roosevelt , Jr. ( ; October 27 , 1858—January 6 , 1919 ) was the 26th President of the United States ( 1901–1909 ) .	1
what president was theodore roosevelt	He is noted for his exuberant personality , range of interests and achievements , and his leadership of the Progressive Movement , as well as his `` cowboy `` persona and robust masculinity .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He was a leader of the Republican Party and founder of the first incarnation of the short-lived Progressive ( `` Bull Moose '' ) Party of 1912 .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Before becoming President , he held offices at the city , state , and federal levels .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Roosevelt 's achievements as a naturalist , explorer , hunter , author , and soldier are as much a part of his fame as any office he held as a politician .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Roosevelt was 42 years old when sworn in as President of the United States in 1901 , making him the youngest president ever ; he beat out the youngest elected president , John F. Kennedy , by only one year .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Roosevelt was also the first of only three sitting presidents to have won the Nobel Peace Prize .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	The Teddy bear is named after him , despite his contempt for being called `` Teddy '' .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Born into a wealthy family in New York City , Roosevelt was a sickly child who suffered from asthma and stayed at home studying natural history .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	To overcome his physical weakness , he embraced a strenuous life .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Home-schooled , he became an eager student of nature .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He attended Harvard University , where he studied biology , boxed and developed an interest in naval affairs .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	In 1881 , one year out of Harvard , he was elected to the New York State Assembly , where he became a leader of the reform faction of his Republican Party ( the `` GOP '' ) .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	His The Naval War of 1812 ( 1882 ) established his professional reputation as a serious historian ; he wrote numerous books on hunting , the outdoors , and current political issues , as well as frontier history .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	In 1884 , his first wife and his mother died on the same day .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He temporarily left politics and went to the frontier , becoming a rancher in the `` Badlands '' in the Dakotas .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Returning to New York City , he ran for mayor in 1886 , finishing third with 60,000 votes .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He later gained fame by taking vigorous charge of the city police .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	At the national level , he was a leader in civil service reform .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	The Spanish–American War broke out in 1898 while Roosevelt was , effectively , running the Department of the Navy .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He promptly resigned and formed the Rough Riders – a volunteer cavalry regiment that fought in Cuba .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	The war hero was elected governor in 1898 and in 1900 was nominated for vice president .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He successfully energized the GOP base as a highly visible campaigner to reelect President William McKinley on a platform of high tariffs , the gold standard , imperialism , prosperity at home and victory abroad .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	In 1901 , President William McKinley was assassinated and Roosevelt became President .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	He attempted to move the Republican Party ( GOP ) toward Progressivism , including trust busting and increased regulation of businesses .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Roosevelt became the first person elected to a term in his own right in 1904 after having ascended to the Presidency ( from the Vice-Presidency ) upon the death of his predecessor , winning the largest percentage of the popular vote since the uncontested election of 1820 .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Roosevelt coined the phrase `` Square Deal `` to describe his domestic agenda , emphasizing that the average citizen would get a fair share under his policies .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	As an outdoorsman and naturalist , he promoted the conservation movement .	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	On the world stage , Roosevelt 's policies were characterized by his slogan , `` Speak softly and carry a big stick `` .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	Super Bowl XLIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Pittsburgh Steelers and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Arizona Cardinals to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 2008 season .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	The Steelers defeated the Cardinals by the score of 27–23 .	1
who won the 2009 super bowl	The game was played on February 1 , 2009 , at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	With this win , the Steelers became the first team to win six Super Bowls .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	Pittsburgh , who finished the regular season with a 12–4 record , also won their second Super Bowl in four years after winning Super Bowl XL at the end of the 2005 season .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	The Cardinals entered the game seeking their first NFL title since 1947 , the longest championship drought in the league .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	The club became an unexpected winner during the regular season , compiling a 9–7 record , and the playoffs with the aid of head coach Ken Whisenhunt , who was the Steelers ' offensive coordinator in Super Bowl XL , and the re-emergence of quarterback Kurt Warner , who was the Super Bowl MVP in Super Bowl XXXIV with his former team , St. Louis Rams .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	Pittsburgh jumped to a 17–7 halftime lead , aided by linebacker James Harrison 's Super Bowl record 100-yard interception return for a touchdown .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	Trailing 20–7 at the start of the fourth quarter , Arizona scored 16 unanswered points , including wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald 's 64-yard touchdown reception , to take the lead with 2:37 remaining in the game .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	But the Steelers marched 78 yards to score on wide receiver Santonio Holmes ' 6-yard game-winning touchdown catch with 35 seconds left .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	Holmes , who caught nine passes for 131 yards and a touchdown , including four receptions for 73 yards on that final game-winning drive , was named Super Bowl MVP .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	He became the sixth wide receiver to win the award , and also was the third Pittsburgh receiver to win the award , following Lynn Swann and Hines Ward .	0
who won the 2009 super bowl	Despite the global financial crisis and limited amount of ancillary festivities that are normally held before the game , the NBC television network broadcast attracted an average U.S. audience of 98.7 million viewers , making it the most watched Super Bowl in history to that point .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	The Kanab ambersnail , scientific name Oxyloma haydeni kanabensis or Oxyloma kanabense , is a critically endangered subspecies or species of small , air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae , the amber snails .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	The common name of the amber snails is based on the shell , which is translucent and when empty usually resembles amber in color .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	This species is endemic to the United States , specifically the state of Arizona and Utah , where it was first collected in the early 20th century .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	It has been listed as endangered on the United States Fish and Wildlife Service list of endangered species since 8 August 1991 .	1
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	This snail lives in wetlands , springs , and seeps , and only two of its natural habitats are known to exist : Three Lakes , a meadow near Kanab , Utah , and Vasey 's Paradise , a spring along the Colorado River within Grand Canyon National Park .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	In its natural habitat it is rather polyphagous , feeding mainly on bacteria , plants and fungi , and reproduces during the summer .	0
how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered ?	Now considered a Critically Endangered species on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species due to a series of factors ( including influence ) , the Kanab ambersnail has been reintroduced to three springs above the historic high water level along the Colorado River .	0
what is lean manufacturing and who developed	Lean manufacturing , lean enterprise , or lean production , often simply , `` Lean , '' is a production practice that considers the expenditure of resources for any goal other than the creation of value for the end customer to be wasteful , and thus a target for elimination .	1
what is lean manufacturing and who developed	Working from the perspective of the customer who consumes a product or service , `` value '' is defined as any action or process that a customer would be willing to pay for .	0
what is lean manufacturing and who developed	Essentially , lean is centered on preserving value with less work .	0
what is lean manufacturing and who developed	Lean manufacturing is a management philosophy derived mostly from the Toyota Production System ( TPS ) ( hence the term Toyotism is also prevalent ) and identified as `` Lean '' only in the 1990s .	1
what is lean manufacturing and who developed	TPS is renowned for its focus on reduction of the original Toyota seven wastes to improve overall customer value , but there are varying perspectives on how this is best achieved .	0
what is lean manufacturing and who developed	The steady growth of Toyota , from a small company to the world 's largest automaker , has focused attention on how it has achieved this success .	0
what is the female symbol called	A gender symbol denotes the sex of an organism or characterizes an agent by gender .	0
what is the female symbol called	The two standard gender symbols denoting male ♂ and female ♀ are derived from astrological symbols , denoting the classical planets Mars and Venus , respectively .	1
what is the female symbol called	These symbols have been in use since the Renaissance also denoting elements in alchemy , specifically the metals iron and copper .	0
what is the female symbol called	They were first used to denote the effective gender of plants ( i.e . sex of individual in a given crossbreed , since most plants are hermaphroditic ) by Carolus Linnaeus in 1751 .	0
what is bourbon made of	A selection of Bourbons and Tennessee whiskeys offered at a liquor store in Decatur , Georgia	0
what is bourbon made of	Evan Williams bourbon whiskey	0
what is bourbon made of	Bourbon whiskey is a type of American whiskey – a barrel-aged distilled spirit made primarily from corn .	1
what is bourbon made of	The name of the spirit derives from its historical association with an area known as Old Bourbon , around what is now Bourbon County , Kentucky ( which , in turn , was named after the French House of Bourbon royal family ) .	0
what is bourbon made of	It has been produced since the 18th century .	0
what is bourbon made of	While it may be made anywhere in the United States , it is strongly associated with the American South in general , and Kentucky in particular .	0
how is hydrogen produced	Hydrogen production is the family of industrial methods for generating hydrogen .	0
how is hydrogen produced	Currently the dominant technology for direct production is steam reforming from hydrocarbons .	1
how is hydrogen produced	Many other methods are known including electrolysis and thermolysis .	0
how is hydrogen produced	In 2006 , the United States was estimated to have a production capacity of 11 million tonnes of hydrogen .	0
how is hydrogen produced	5 million tonnes of hydrogen were consumed on-site in oil refining , and in the production of ammonia ( Haber process ) and methanol ( reduction of carbon monoxide ) .	0
how is hydrogen produced	0.4 million tonnes were an incidental by-product of the chlor-alkali process .	0
how is hydrogen produced	Hydrogen production is an estimated $ 100 billion industry .	0
where is good morning america studio	Times Square Studios ( TSS ) is an American television studio located in the Times Square neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City , New York .	1
where is good morning america studio	The studio is best known as the production home of ABC News ' Good Morning America ( GMA ) , a morning news and talk program and segments for GMA on ABC News Now .	0
what is the mortality rate of sepsis	Septic shock is a medical condition as a result of severe infection and sepsis , though the microbe may be systemic or localized to a particular site .	0
what is the mortality rate of sepsis	It can cause multiple organ dysfunction syndrome ( formerly known as multiple organ failure ) and death .	0
what is the mortality rate of sepsis	Its most common victims are children , immunocompromised individuals , and the elderly , as their immune systems can not deal with the infection as effectively as those of healthy adults .	0
what is the mortality rate of sepsis	Frequently , patients suffering from septic shock are cared for in intensive care units .	0
what is the mortality rate of sepsis	The mortality rate from septic shock is approximately 25–50 % .	1
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?	Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is a lentivirus ( slowly replicating retrovirus ) that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) , a condition in humans in which progressive failure of the immune system allows life-threatening opportunistic infections and cancers to thrive .	1
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?	Infection with HIV occurs by the transfer of blood , semen , vaginal fluid , pre-ejaculate , or breast milk .	0
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?	Within these bodily fluids , HIV is present as both free virus particles and virus within infected immune cells .	0
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?	HIV infects vital cells in the human immune system such as helper T cells ( specifically CD4 + T cells ) , macrophages , and dendritic cells .	0
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?	HIV infection leads to low levels of CD4+ T cells through a number of mechanisms including : apoptosis of uninfected bystander cells , direct viral killing of infected cells , and killing of infected CD4+ T cells by CD8 cytotoxic lymphocytes that recognize infected cells .	0
What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus ?	When CD4+ T cell numbers decline below a critical level , cell-mediated immunity is lost , and the body becomes progressively more susceptible to opportunistic infections .	0
who was bush 's national security advisor	Hadley ( right ) discussing the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis with Bush and Rice .	1
who was bush 's national security advisor	Stephen John Hadley ( born February 13 , 1947 ) was the 21st U.S. Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs ( commonly referred as National Security Advisor ) , serving under President George W. Bush .	1
when is administrative assistant day	Administrative Professionals Day ( also known as Secretaries Day or Admin Day ) is an unofficial secular holiday observed in several countries to recognize the work of secretaries , administrative assistants , receptionists , and other administrative support professionals .	0
when is administrative assistant day	In North America , it is celebrated on the Wednesday of the last full week of April ( April 24 in 2013 ) .	1
when is administrative assistant day	In France it is celebrated on the third Thursday in April ( April 18 in 2013 ) .	0
when is administrative assistant day	In Australia it is celebrated on the first Friday in May	0
who owns land rover	Land Rover is a British car manufacturer with its headquarters in Gaydon , Warwickshire , United Kingdom which specialises in four-wheel-drive vehicles .	0
who owns land rover	It is part of the Jaguar Land Rover group , a subsidiary of Tata Motors of India .	1
who owns land rover	It is the second oldest four-wheel-drive car brand in the world ( after Jeep ) .	0
who owns land rover	The Land Rover name was originally used by the Rover Company for one specific vehicle model , named simply the Land Rover , launched by Rover in 1948 .	0
who owns land rover	Over the following years it developed into a marque encompassing a range of four-wheel-drive models , including the Defender , Discovery , Freelander , Range Rover , Range Rover Sport and Range Rover Evoque .	0
who owns land rover	Land Rovers are currently assembled in the company 's Halewood and Solihull plants , with research and development taking place at JLR 's Gaydon and Whitley engineering centres .	0
who owns land rover	Land Rover sold 194,000 vehicles worldwide in 2009 .	0
who owns land rover	Although the brand originates from the original 1948 model , Land Rover as a company has only existed since 1978 .	0
who owns land rover	Prior to this , it was a product line of the Rover Company which was subsequently absorbed into the Rover-Triumph division of the British Leyland Motor Corporation ( BL ) following Leyland Motor Corporation ’s takeover of Rover in 1967 .	0
who owns land rover	The ongoing commercial success of the original Land Rover series models , and latterly the Range Rover in the 1970s in the midst of BL’s well documented business troubles prompted the establishment of a separate Land Rover company but still under the BL umbrella , remaining part of the subsequent Rover Group in 1988 , under the ownership of British Aerospace after the remains of British Leyland were broken up and privatised .	0
who owns land rover	In 1994 Rover Group plc was acquired by BMW .	0
who owns land rover	In 2000 , Rover Group was broken-up by BMW and Land Rover was sold to Ford Motor Company , becoming part of its Premier Automotive Group .	0
who owns land rover	In 2006 Ford purchased the Rover brand from BMW for around £6 million .	0
who owns land rover	This reunited the Rover and Land Rover brands for the first time since 2000 when the Rover group was broken up by BMW .	0
who owns land rover	In June 2008 , Ford sold both Land Rover and Jaguar Cars to Tata Motors .	0
who owns land rover	This sale also included the dormant Rover brand	0
what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot	`` 6 Foot 7 Foot '' ( also styled as `` 6'7 '' ) is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne featuring label mate , Cory Gunz .	1
what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot	It is taken from his ninth studio album , Tha Carter IV ( 2011 ) .	0
what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot	It was officially released on iTunes on December 16 , 2010 .	0
what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot	It was produced by `` A Milli `` producer Bangladesh .	0
what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot	The song samples `` Day-O ( The Banana Boat Song ) `` by Harry Belafonte .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	LR44 is the IEC designation for an alkaline 1.5 volt button cell , commonly used in small LED flashlights , digital thermometers , calculators , calipers , watches , clocks , toys and laser pointers .	1
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	LR44 alkaline cell	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	The battery nomenclature is defined by the International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC ) in its 60086-3 standard ( Primary batteries , part 3 Watch batteries ) .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	The letter L indicates the electrochemical system used ; a zinc negative electrode , manganese dioxide depolarizer and positive electrode , and an alkaline electrolyte .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	R44 indicates a round cell 11.4±0.2 mm diameter and 5.2±0.2 mm height as defined by the IEC standard 60086 .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Manufacturers have their own part numbers for IEC type LR44 batteries including:	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	LR44 , LR44G , LR44GD , LR44H	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	LR1154 , L1154 , L1154C , L1154F , L1154G , L1154H	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	6135-99-792-8475 ( NSN )	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	1166A	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	AG13 , A613 , AG14 , AG-14 , G13A , G13-A	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	157 , 303 , 357	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	A76 , GDA76 , GP76A , GPA7 , GPA75 , GPA76 , GPS76A,	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	1128MP , 208-904 , A-76 , CA18 , CA19 , CR44 , D76A , KA , KA76 , MS76H , PX76A , PX675A , RPX675 , RW82 , SB-F9 , V13GA	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	4.5-volt , D , C , AA , AAA , AAAA , A23 , 9-volt , CR2032 and LR44 batteries	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Other types of batteries are or were made in the R44 size .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Formerly , mercury batteries were made as button cells ( types MR44 and NR44 ) .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Zinc-air batteries type PR44 require air to work .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Silver-oxide batteries type SR44 may provide extra capacity compared to LR44 types but have slightly different voltage characteristics .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Performance of a device meant to use a silver-oxide battery may be degraded with substitution of LR44 types .	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	Manufacturer 's numbers for silver oxide R44 size cells include:	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	SR44/SR44W/SR44SW	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	6135-99-651-3240 ( NSN )	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	SR1154	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	1107SO	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	1131SOP	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	SG13	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	S76	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	EPX76 ( Energizer )	0
what type of batteries are 357 ( LR44 )	303/357 ( D357H )	0
how many towns in new hampshire	This is a list of the 221 towns and 13 cities in the U.S. state of New Hampshire .	1
how many towns in new hampshire	For each town/city , the table lists the county to which it belongs , its date of incorporation , its population according to the 2010 census , its form of government , and its principal villages .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	Cities are indicated in boldface .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	Cities and towns are treated identically under state law .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	Cities are just towns whose form of government was changed by a special act of the New Hampshire legislature .	0
how many towns in new hampshire	However , towns currently are able to change their form of government by simple voter approval of a new municipal charter , with several of the more populous towns having already done so .	0
who owns popeyes chicken	Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen is a chain of fried chicken fast food restaurants founded in 1972 in New Orleans , Louisiana .	0
who owns popeyes chicken	Often referred to as Popeyes and sometimes as Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits or Popeyes Chicken & Seafood , It was acquired by Sandy Springs , Georgia -based AFC Enterprises , originally America 's Favorite Chicken Company , in 1993 .	1
who owns popeyes chicken	According to a company press release dated June 29 , 2007 , Popeyes is the second-largest `` quick-service chicken restaurant group , measured by number of units '' , with more than 1,800 restaurants in more than 40 states and the District of Columbia , and over 22 countries worldwide including Turkey , Northern Cyprus , Bahrain , China , Hong Kong , Iraq , Indonesia , Jordan , Kuwait , United Arab Emirates , Japan , Malaysia , Saudi Arabia , South Korea , Singapore , Canada , Jamaica , Guyana , Suriname , Mexico , Trinidad , Puerto Rico , Honduras , Vietnam , Panama , Peru , and Costa Rica .	0
who owns popeyes chicken	About thirty locations are company-owned , the rest franchised .	0
what is the plot of the shawshank redemption ?	The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont and starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman .	0
what is the plot of the shawshank redemption ?	Adapted from the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption , the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne , a banker who spends nearly two decades in Shawshank State Prison for the murder of his wife and her lover despite his claims of innocence .	1
what is the plot of the shawshank redemption ?	During his time at the prison , he befriends a fellow inmate , Ellis Boyd `` Red '' Redding , and finds himself protected by the guards after the warden begins using him in his money laundering operation .	0
what is the plot of the shawshank redemption ?	Despite a lukewarm box office reception that barely recouped its budget , the film received favorable reviews from critics , multiple award nominations , and has since enjoyed a remarkable life on cable television , VHS , DVD , and Blu-ray .	0
what is the plot of the shawshank redemption ?	It was included in the American Film Institute 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies 10th Anniversary Edition .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Brett Lorenzo Favre ( born October 10 , 1969 ) is a former American football quarterback who spent the majority of his career with the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He was a 20-year veteran of the NFL , having played quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons ( 1991 ) , Green Bay Packers ( 1992 – 2007 ) , New York Jets ( 2008 ) and Minnesota Vikings ( 2009 – 2010 ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Favre is the only quarterback in NFL history to throw for over 70,000 yards , over 500 touchdowns , over 300 interceptions , over 6,000 completions , and over 10,000 pass attempts .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Favre started at the quarterback position for the University of Southern Mississippi for four years before being selected in the second round of the 1991 NFL Draft by Atlanta ( 33rd overall ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He was traded to Green Bay on February 10 , 1992 , for the 19th pick in the 1992 NFL Draft .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	Favre became the Packers ' starting quarterback in the fourth game of the 1992 season , stepping in for injured quarterback Don Majkowski , and started every game through the 2007 season .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He was traded to the New York Jets and started at quarterback for the 2008 season before signing with the Vikings on August 18 , 2009 as their starting quarterback .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He made an NFL record 297 consecutive starts ( 321 including playoffs ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He is the only player to win the AP Most Valuable Player three consecutive times ( 1995–97 ) .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He has led teams to eight division championships ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2007 , 2009 ) , five NFC Championship Games ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2007 , 2009 ) , and two Super Bowl appearances ( Super Bowl XXXI , Super Bowl XXXII ) , winning one ( Super Bowl XXXI ) .	1
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He holds many NFL records , including most career touchdown passes , most career passing yards , most career pass completions , most career pass attempts , most career interceptions thrown , most consecutive starts by a player , most consecutive starts by a quarterback , most career victories as a starting quarterback , most sacked , and most fumbles .	0
how many games did brett favre start in a row	He is also referred to by his nickname `` The Gunslinger '' .	0
how is today special ?	Today 's Special is a Canadian children 's television show produced by Clive VanderBurgh at TVOntario from 1981 to 1987 .	1
how is today special ?	It also ran on Nickelodeon and the Faith and Values Channel/Odyssey ( now the Hallmark Channel ) as well as many PBS stations throughout the United States .	0
how is today special ?	It was set in a department store , based on the flagship location of the now defunct Simpson 's in Toronto .	0
how is today special ?	Many sequences for it were shot at the Queen Street West and Yonge Street store after hours .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Data Warehouse Overview	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	In computing , a data warehouse or enterprise data warehouse ( DW , DWH , or EDW ) is a database used for reporting and data analysis .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	It is a central repository of data which is created by integrating data from one or more disparate sources .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Data warehouses store current as well as historical data and are used for creating trending reports for senior management reporting such as annual and quarterly comparisons .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The data stored in the warehouse are uploaded from the operational systems ( such as marketing , sales etc. , shown in the figure to the right ) .	1
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The data may pass through an operational data store for additional operations before they are used in the DW for reporting .	1
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The typical ETL -based data warehouse uses staging , data integration , and access layers to house its key functions .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The staging layer or staging database stores raw data extracted from each of the disparate source data systems .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The integration layer integrates the disparate data sets by transforming the data from the staging layer often storing this transformed data in an operational data store ( ODS ) database .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The integrated data are then moved to yet another database , often called the data warehouse database , where the data is arranged into hierarchical groups often called dimensions and into facts and aggregate facts .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The combination of facts and dimensions is sometimes called a star schema .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The access layer helps users retrieve data .	1
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	A data warehouse constructed from an integrated data source systems does not require ETL , staging databases , or operational data store databases .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The integrated data source systems may be considered to be a part of a distributed operational data store layer .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Data federation methods or data virtualization methods may be used to access the distributed integrated source data systems to consolidate and aggregate data directly into the data warehouse database tables .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Unlike the ETL-based data warehouse , the integrated source data systems and the data warehouse are all integrated since there is no transformation of dimensional or reference data .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	This integrated data warehouse architecture supports the drill down from the aggregate data of the data warehouse to the transactional data of the integrated source data systems .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Data warehouses can be subdivided into data marts .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Data marts store subsets of data from a warehouse .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	This definition of the data warehouse focuses on data storage .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	The main source of the data is cleaned , transformed , cataloged and made available for use by managers and other business professionals for data mining , online analytical processing , market research and decision support ( Marakas & O'Brien 2009 ) .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	However , the means to retrieve and analyze data , to extract , transform and load data , and to manage the data dictionary are also considered essential components of a data warehousing system .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Many references to data warehousing use this broader context .	0
what are warehouse spreadsheets used for	Thus , an expanded definition for data warehousing includes business intelligence tools , tools to extract , transform and load data into the repository , and tools to manage and retrieve metadata .	0
who made facebook	Facebook on the Ad-tech 2010	0
who made facebook	Facebook is an online social networking service , whose name stems from the colloquial name for the book given to students at the start of the academic year by some university administrations in the United States to help students get to know each other .	0
who made facebook	It was founded in February 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow Harvard University students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes .	1
who made facebook	The website 's membership was initially limited by the founders to Harvard students , but was expanded to other colleges in the Boston area , the Ivy League , and Stanford University .	0
who made facebook	It gradually added support for students at various other universities before opening to high school students , and eventually to anyone aged 13 and over .	0
who made facebook	Facebook now allows any users who declare themselves to be at least 13 years old to become registered users of the site .	0
who made facebook	Users must register before using the site , after which they may create a personal profile , add other users as friends , and exchange messages , including automatic notifications when they update their profile .	0
who made facebook	Additionally , users may join common-interest user groups , organized by workplace , school or college , or other characteristics , and categorize their friends into lists such as `` People From Work '' or `` Close Friends '' .	0
who made facebook	As of September 2012 , Facebook has over one billion active users .	0
who made facebook	According to a May 2011 Consumer Reports survey , there are 7.5 million children under 13 with accounts and 5 million under 10 , violating the site 's terms of service .	0
who made facebook	In May 2005 , Accel partners invested $ 12.7 million in Facebook , and Jim Breyer added $ 1 million of his own money to the pot .	0
who made facebook	A January 2009 Compete.com study ranked Facebook as the most used social networking service by worldwide monthly active users .	0
who made facebook	Entertainment Weekly included the site on its end-of-the-decade `` best-of '' list , saying , `` How on earth did we stalk our exes , remember our co-workers ' birthdays , bug our friends , and play a rousing game of Scrabulous before Facebook ? ''	0
who made facebook	Critics , such as Facebook Detox , state that Facebook has turned into a national obsession in the United States , resulting in vast amounts of time lost and encouraging narcissism .	0
who made facebook	Quantcast estimates Facebook has 138.9 million monthly unique U.S. visitors in May 2011 .	0
who made facebook	According to Social Media Today , in April 2010 an estimated 41.6 % ( 129.5 million ) of the U.S. population had a Facebook account .	0
who made facebook	Nevertheless , Facebook 's market growth started to stall in some regions , with the site losing 7 million active users in the United States and Canada in May 2011 .	0
who made facebook	Facebook eventually filed for an initial public offering on February 1 , 2012 , and was headquartered in Menlo Park , California .	0
who made facebook	Facebook Inc. began selling stock to the public and trading on the NASDAQ on May 18 , 2012 .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Prof. Walter Lewin explains Newton 's law of gravitation in MIT course 8.01	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Satellites and projectiles all obey Newton 's law of gravitation	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Newton 's law of universal gravitation states that every point mass in the universe attracts every other point mass with a force that is directly proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them .	1
what does the universal law of gravitation state	( Separately it was shown that large spherically symmetrical masses attract and are attracted as if all their mass were concentrated at their centers . )	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	This is a general physical law derived from empirical observations by what Newton called induction .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	It is a part of classical mechanics and was formulated in Newton 's work Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( `` the Principia '' ) , first published on 5 July 1687 .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	( When Newton 's book was presented in 1686 to the Royal Society , Robert Hooke made a claim that Newton had obtained the inverse square law from him – see History section below . )	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	In modern language , the law states the following:	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Assuming SI units , F is measured in newtons ( N ) , m1 and m2 in kilograms ( kg ) , r in meters ( m ) , and the constant G is approximately equal to .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	The value of the constant G was first accurately determined from the results of the Cavendish experiment conducted by the British scientist Henry Cavendish in 1798 , although Cavendish did not himself calculate a numerical value for G .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	This experiment was also the first test of Newton 's theory of gravitation between masses in the laboratory .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	It took place 111 years after the publication of Newton 's Principia and 71 years after Newton 's death , so none of Newton 's calculations could use the value of G ; instead he could only calculate a force relative to another force .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Newton 's law of gravitation resembles Coulomb 's law of electrical forces , which is used to calculate the magnitude of electrical force between two charged bodies .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Both are inverse-square laws , in which force is inversely proportional to the square of the distance between the bodies .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Coulomb 's Law has the product of two charges in place of the product of the masses , and the electrostatic constant in place of the gravitational constant .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Newton 's law has since been superseded by Einstein 's theory of general relativity , but it continues to be used as an excellent approximation of the effects of gravity .	0
what does the universal law of gravitation state	Relativity is required only when there is a need for extreme precision , or when dealing with gravitation for extremely massive and dense objects .	0
what did st.patrick do	Saint Patrick ( ; ; Modern ; ; c. 387 – 17 March c. 460 or c. 492 ) was a Romano-British Christian missionary and bishop in Ireland .	0
what did st.patrick do	Known as the `` Apostle of Ireland '' , he is the primary patron saint of the island along with Saints Brigid and Columba .	0
what did st.patrick do	Two authentic letters from him survive , from which come the only generally accepted details of his life .	0
what did st.patrick do	When he was about 16 , he was captured from his home and taken as a slave to Ireland , where he lived for six years before escaping and returning to his family .	0
what did st.patrick do	After becoming a cleric , he returned to northern and western Ireland as an ordained bishop , but little is known about the places where he worked .	0
what did st.patrick do	By the seventh century , he had already come to be revered as the patron saint of Ireland .	0
what did st.patrick do	Most available details of his life are from subsequent hagiographies , and these are now not accepted without detailed criticism .	0
what did st.patrick do	The Annals of Ulster state that he arrived in Ireland in 432 , ministered in Ulster around 443 , and died in 457 or 461 .	0
what did st.patrick do	The text , however , distinguishes between `` Old Patrick '' ( thought to mean Palladius ) and `` Patrick , archapostle of the Scots , '' who died in 492 .	0
what did st.patrick do	The actual dates of Patrick 's life can not be fixed with certainty but , on a widespread interpretation , he was active as a missionary in Ireland during the second half of the 5th century .	0
what did st.patrick do	He is generally credited with being the first bishop of Armagh , Primate of All Ireland .	1
what did st.patrick do	Saint Patrick 's Day is observed on March 17 , the date of his death .	0
what did st.patrick do	It is celebrated both inside and outside Ireland , as both a religious and , especially outside Ireland , secular holiday .	0
what did st.patrick do	In the dioceses of Ireland , it is both a solemnity and a holy day of obligation ; outside Ireland , it can be a celebration of Ireland itself .	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	is a Latin word that means `` thus '' or , in writing , `` it was thus in the source material '' .	1
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic may also refer to:	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic , Cluj , a commune in Romania	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC , the regional code for Sicily	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic ( noise artist ) , styled as [ sic ] , stage name of Jennifer Morris , a Canadian noise artist	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sic ( band ) is a modern Hardcore/Thrash metal band from Torshavn , the capital of the Faroe Islands	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	`` ( sic ) '' , a song by American band Slipknot on the album Slipknot	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC , the initial of Marco Simoncelli .	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC as an acronym may stand for:	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SiC , Silicon carbide , a semiconducting material , also used to make metalworking tools	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC ( cyclecar ) ( Società Italiana Cyclecars )	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Standard Industrial Classification , a 20th-century U.S. system for classifying industries	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	International Standard Industrial Classification a UN system for economic activities	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Shetland Islands Council	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	the Swiss Interbank Clearing system	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	San Isidro Club , an Argentine rugby union club	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Standing Interpretation Committee , a committee dedicated to the interpretation of international accounting standards IFRS	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Schwarz information criterion in the field of statistics	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Second-in-command in the field of aviation	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sistema Interconectado Central power grid in Chile	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sociedade Independente de Comunicação ( SIC ) , a television channel in Portugal	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sea Isle City , New Jersey , a coastal town in the United States	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Segmented Integer Counter mode , a mode of operation in cryptography	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Sepang International Circuit , a high-end racetrack that hosts the Malaysian round of Formula 1	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Shanghai International Circuit , a motor racing venue in Shanghai , China	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Simplified instructional computer , a hypothetical computer used in systems programming	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	SIC ( Sons Idées Couleurs ) , an early twentieth-century art magazine produced by French author Pierre Albert-Birot	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Southeastern Illinois College , a two year Junior College in Harrisburg , Illinois , United States	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	Specific inductive capacity , abbreviated to SIC , which is more commonly known as the relative permittivity or the dielectric constant	0
what does ( sic ) mean ?	St Ignatius ' College , Riverview , a Jesuit school in Sydney , Australia	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	The Supreme Court of the United States is the highest court in the United States .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	It has ultimate ( and largely discretionary ) appellate jurisdiction over all federal courts and over state court cases involving issues of federal law , and original jurisdiction over a small range of cases .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	The Court , which meets in the United States Supreme Court Building in Washington , D.C. , consists of a chief justice and eight associate justices who are nominated by the President and confirmed by the United States Senate .	0
how long can you be in the supreme court	Once appointed , justices have life tenure unless they resign , retire , or are removed after impeachment .	1
what is tofu made of	Tofu , also called bean curd , is a food made by coagulating soy juice and then pressing the resulting curds into soft white blocks .	1
what is tofu made of	It is a component in many East Asian and Southeast Asian cuisines .	0
what is tofu made of	There are many different varieties of tofu , including fresh tofu and tofu that has been processed in some way .	0
what is tofu made of	Tofu has a subtle flavor and can be used in savory and sweet dishes .	0
what is tofu made of	It is often seasoned or marinated to suit the dish .	0
what is tofu made of	Tofu originated in ancient China some 2,000 years ago .	0
what is tofu made of	Chinese legend ascribes its invention to prince Liu An ( Chinese : 劉安 Liú Ān , 179–122 BC ) .	0
what is tofu made of	Tofu and its production technique were introduced into Korea and then Japan during the Nara period .	0
what is tofu made of	It spread into other parts of East Asia as well .	0
what is tofu made of	This spread likely coincided with the spread of Buddhism because it is an important source of protein in the vegetarian diet of East Asian Buddhism .	0
what is tofu made of	Li Shizhen in the Ming Dynasty described a method of making tofu in Bencao Gangmu .	0
what is tofu made of	Tofu has a low calorie count , relatively large amounts of protein , and little fat .	0
what is tofu made of	It is high in iron and depending on the coagulant used in manufacturing , may also be high in calcium and/or magnesium .	0
what is squash the sport	Squash is a racquet sport played by two ( singles ) or four players ( doubles ) in a four-walled court with a small , hollow rubber ball .	1
what is squash the sport	The players must alternate in striking the ball with their racquet and hit the ball onto the playable surfaces of the four walls of the court .	0
what is squash the sport	The game was formerly called squash racquets , a reference to the `` squashable '' soft ball used in the game ( compared with the fatter ball used in its parent game racquets or rackets ) .	0
what is squash the sport	Squash is recognized by the IOC and supporters are lobbying for its incorporation in a future Olympic program .	0
what is squash the sport	In 2003 , Forbes rated squash as the number one healthiest sport to play .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	The United States presidential election of 1968 was the 46th quadrennial presidential election , held on Tuesday , November 5 , 1968 .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	The Republican nominee , former Vice-President Richard Nixon , won the election over the Democratic nominee , incumbent Vice-President Hubert Humphrey .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	Nixon ran on a campaign that promised to restore law and order to the nation 's cities , torn by riots and crime .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	Analysts have argued the election of 1968 is a realigning election as it permanently disrupted the New Deal Coalition that had dominated presidential politics for 36 years .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	Coming four years after Democrat Lyndon B. Johnson won in a historic landslide , the election saw the incumbent president forced out of the race and a Republican elected for the first time in twelve years .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	It was a wrenching national experience , conducted during a year of violence that included the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King , Jr. , and subsequent race riots across the nation , the assasination of Democratic presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy , widespread opposition to the Vietnam War across university campuses , and violent confrontations between police and anti-war protesters at the 1968 Democratic National Convention as the Democratic party split again and again .	1
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	The election featured the strongest third party effort since 1912 by former Alabama Governor George Wallace , a Democrat .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	Because Wallace 's campaign opposed federal intervention in the South to end school segregation , he carried the Deep South and ran well in ethnic industrial districts in the North .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	This was the last election in which New York had the most votes in the electoral college ( 43 votes ) .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	After the 1970 census , California gained the most electoral votes and has remained the most populous state since then .	0
what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968 ?	This is the latest election where a presidential ticket won without carrying the vice presidential candidate 's home state .	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	A partly submerged glacier cave on Perito Moreno Glacier .	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	The ice facade is approximately 60 m high	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	Ice formations in the Titlis glacier cave	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	A glacier cave is a cave formed within the ice of a glacier .	1
how are glacier caves formed ?	Glacier caves are often called ice caves , but this term is properly used to describe bedrock caves that contain year-round ice .	0
what year did keeping up with the kardashians begin	Keeping Up with the Kardashians ( often referred to simply as The Kardashians ) is an American reality television series that premiered on October 14 , 2007 , on E ! .	1
what year did keeping up with the kardashians begin	It follows the lives of the Kardashian/Jenner family , including sisters Kourtney , Kim , and Khloé Kardashian .	0
what year did keeping up with the kardashians begin	The series ' success has led to the spin-offs Kourtney and Kim Take New York , Khloé & Lamar , Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami , and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami .	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	Kirk Douglas ( born Issur Danielovitch , ; December 9 , 1916 ) is an American stage and film actor , film producer and author .	1
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	His popular films include Out of the Past ( 1947 ) , Champion ( 1949 ) , Ace in the Hole ( 1951 ) , The Bad and the Beautiful ( 1952 ) , 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ( 1954 ) , Lust for Life ( 1956 ) , Paths of Glory ( 1957 ) , Gunfight at the O.K . Corral ( 1957 ) , The Vikings ( 1958 ) , Spartacus ( 1960 ) , Lonely Are the Brave ( 1962 ) , Seven Days in May ( 1964 ) , The Heroes of Telemark ( 1965 ) and Tough Guys ( 1986 ) .	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	He is No.17 on the American Film Institute 's list of the greatest male American screen legends of all time , making him the highest-ranked living person on the list .	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	In 1996 , he received the Academy Honorary Award `` for 50 years as a creative and moral force in the motion picture community . ''	0
how old is kirk douglas , the actor ?	He is one of the last surviving actors from Hollywood 's `` golden age '' .	0
what does estee lauder do	Estée Lauder Companies , Inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare , makeup , fragrance and hair care products .	1
what does estee lauder do	The company has its headquarters in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	Stevland Hardaway Morris ( born May 13 , 1950 as Stevland Hardaway Judkins ) , known by his stage name Stevie Wonder , is an American singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist , a child prodigy who developed into one of the most creative musical figures of the late 20th century .	1
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	Blind since shortly after birth , Wonder signed with Motown 's Tamla label at the age of eleven , and continues to perform and record for Motown to this day .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	Among Wonder 's best known works are singles such as `` Superstition `` , `` Sir Duke `` , `` You Are the Sunshine of My Life `` and `` I Just Called to Say I Love You `` .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	Well known albums also include Talking Book , Innervisions and Songs in the Key of Life .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	He has recorded more than thirty U.S. top ten hits and received twenty-two Grammy Awards , the most ever awarded to a male solo artist .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	Wonder is also noted for his work as an activist for political causes , including his 1980 campaign to make Martin Luther King , Jr. 's birthday a holiday in the United States .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	In 2009 , Wonder was named a United Nations Messenger of Peace .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	In 2008 , Billboard magazine released a list of the Hot 100 All-Time Top Artists to celebrate the US singles chart 's fiftieth anniversary , with Wonder at number five .	0
what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name	By popular vote , Stevie was inducted into The SoulMusic Hall of Fame at SoulMusic.com in December 2012 .	0
what was the first honda car	The Honda S600 is an automobile manufactured by Honda .	1
what was the first honda car	It was launched in March 1964 .	1
what was the first honda car	Available as a roadster – bearing strong resemblance to the Honda S500 – and as a fastback coupé – introduced in March 1965 – the S600 was the first Honda available in two trim levels .	0
what was the first honda car	During its production run up to 1966 , the model styling would remain pretty much the same , with the most notable changes coming to the front grille , bumper , and headlights .	0
what was the first honda car	Powered by a DOHC , water-cooled , four-cylinder inline engine with four carburetors , the engine capacity was increased to 606 cc from the S500 's 531 cc .	0
what was the first honda car	The engine produced at 8,500 rpm and had a top speed of .	0
what was the first honda car	With the convertible weighing in at mere , the extra sheet metal of the coupe only added to the overall weight .	0
what was the first honda car	Suspension was independent with sealed roller chain drive to each rear wheel .	0
what was the first honda car	The S600 was the first mass marketed Honda car .	0
what was the first honda car	First offered only in right-hand drive , it soon became available in left-hand drive to appeal to export markets .	0
what was the first honda car	There were a few pre-production S500s manufactured in left hand drive , two or three even being shown in some early sales brochures .	0
what was the first honda car	Both the S600 roadster and coupé were available in standard trim and a special , upgraded package called the SM600 which included , among other items , special paint colors , exclusive badging , a standard radio and speaker , a special antenna in the passenger side sun visor , standard reversing lights , a standard cigarette lighter , a standard heater , better cushioned seats , and a detachable seat track for quick removal of the passenger seat .	0
what was the first honda car	Honda built 3,912 roadsters in 1964 , with production climbing to 7,261 convertibles and 1,519 coupes in 1965 .	0
what was the first honda car	Production dropped off in 1966 ( as they were shifting to the S800 ) with only 111 roadsters and 281 coupes , giving tallies of 11,284 convertibles and 1,800 coupes for the 3 year span .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	Robert Clark `` Bob '' Seger ( born May 6 , 1945 ) is an American rock and roll singer-songwriter , guitarist and pianist .	1
how old is the singer bob seger	As a locally successful Detroit-area artist , he performed and recorded as Bob Seger and the Last Heard and Bob Seger System throughout the 1960s .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	By the early 1970s , he had dropped the `` System '' from his recordings and continued to strive for broader success with other various bands .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	In 1973 , he put together The Silver Bullet Band , a group of Detroit-area musicians , with whom he became most successful on the national level with the album Live Bullet , recorded live with the Silver Bullet Band in 1975 at Cobo Hall in Detroit , Michigan .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	In 1976 , he achieved a national breakout with the studio album Night Moves .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	On his studio albums , he also worked extensively with the Alabama-based Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section , which appeared on several of Seger 's best-selling singles and albums .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	A roots rocker with a classic raspy , shouting voice , Seger wrote and recorded songs that dealt with love , women , blue-collar themes and was an exemplar of heartland rock .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	Seger has recorded many hits , including `` Night Moves , '' `` Turn the Page , '' `` We 've Got Tonight , '' `` Against the Wind , '' and Shakedown that was written for Beverly Hills Cop II and `` Like a Rock , '' and also co-wrote the Eagles ' number-one hit `` Heartache Tonight . ''	0
how old is the singer bob seger	His iconic recording of `` Old Time Rock and Roll `` was named one of the Songs of the Century in 2001 .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	With a career spanning five decades , Seger continues to perform and record today .	0
how old is the singer bob seger	Seger was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2012 .	0
who wrote serenity prayer	The Serenity Prayer is the common name for an originally untitled prayer by the American theologian Reinhold Niebuhr ( 1892–1971 ) .	1
who wrote serenity prayer	It has been adopted by Alcoholics Anonymous and other twelve-step programs .	0
who wrote serenity prayer	The best-known form is : God , grant me the serenity to accept the things I can not change,	0
who wrote serenity prayer	The courage to change the things I can,	0
who wrote serenity prayer	And wisdom to know the difference .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Mariel Margaret `` Mia '' Hamm ( born March 17 , 1972 ) is a retired American professional soccer player .	1
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm played many years as a forward for the United States women 's national soccer team and was a founding member of the Washington Freedom .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm scored 158 international goals , more than any other player , male or female , in the history of soccer and is the third most capped female player in soccer history behind Kristine Lilly and Christie Rampone , appearing in 275 international matches .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm was named the women 's FIFA World Player of the Year the first two times that award was given ( in 2001 and 2002 ) , and is listed as one of FIFA 's 125 best living players ( as chosen by Pelé ) .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	She was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame as well as the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame and Texas Sports Hall of Fame .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	She is the author of Go For the Goal : A Champion 's Guide to Winning in Soccer and Life and appeared in the HBO documentary Dare to Dream : The Story of the U.S. Women 's Soccer Team .	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Washington Post columnist Michael Wilbon called Hamm , `` Perhaps the most important athlete of the last 15 years . ''	0
what did mia hamm do his work	Hamm takes a corner kick .	0
where does the return address go on mail	In postal mail , a return address is an explicit inclusion of the address of the person sending the message .	0
where does the return address go on mail	It provides the recipient ( and sometimes authorized intermediaries ) with a means to determine how to respond to the sender of the message if needed .	0
where does the return address go on mail	The return address need not include a sender 's name , but should include address or P.O . box details in the same way as the delivery address should .	0
where does the return address go on mail	In some countries , the return address is conventionally located in the upper left hand corner of the envelope , card , or label .	1
where does the return address go on mail	In the United Kingdom , the return address is usually placed on the reverse of the envelope , near the top .	1
where does the return address go on mail	Businesses often use envelopes preprinted with a return address .	0
where does the return address go on mail	Many individuals have sheets of adhesive labels preprinted with their home address to affix to their correspondence .	0
where does the return address go on mail	Charities sometimes include such sheets in mailshots .	0
where does the return address go on mail	Rolls of Return Address Labels can be purchased from companies that sell personalized labels to provide individuals an easy way to peel and stick return address labels to their envelopes .	0
where does the return address go on mail	The return address is not required on postal mail .	0
where does the return address go on mail	However , lack of a return address prevents the postal service from being able to return the item if it proves undeliverable ; such as from damage , postage due , or invalid destination .	0
where does the return address go on mail	Such mail may thus become dead letter mail .	0
where does the return address go on mail	Should the return address be of a different state or country , the mail may be routed through that location for ease of return .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	Color motion picture film refers both to unexposed color photographic film in a format suitable for use in a motion picture camera , and to finished motion picture film , ready for use in a projector , which bears images in color .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	The first color cinematography was by means of additive color systems such as the one patented in England by Edward Raymond Turner in 1899 and tested in 1902 .	1
how was color introduced in film ?	A simplified additive system was developed by George Albert Smith and successfully commercialized in 1909 as Kinemacolor .	1
how was color introduced in film ?	These early systems used black-and-white film to photograph and project two or more component images through different color filters .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	Still from footage recorded by Edward Turner in 1902	0
how was color introduced in film ?	With the present-day technology , there are two distinct processes : Eastman Color Negative 2 chemistry ( camera negative stocks , duplicating interpositive and internegative stocks ) and Eastman Color Positive 2 chemistry ( positive prints for direct projection ) , usually abbreviated as ECN-2 and ECP-2 .	0
how was color introduced in film ?	Fuji 's products are compatible with ECN-2 and ECP-2 .	0
what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about	The Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress ( also known as the Declaration of Colonial Rights , or the Declaration of Rights ) , was a statement adopted by the First Continental Congress on October 14 , 1774 , in response to the Intolerable Acts passed by the British Parliament .	1
what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about	The Declaration outlined colonial objections to the Intolerable Acts , listed a colonial bill of rights , and provided a detailed list of grievances .	1
what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about	It was similar to the Declaration of Rights and Grievances , passed by the Stamp Act Congress a decade earlier .	1
what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about	The Declaration concluded with an outline of Congress 's plans : to enter into a boycott of British trade ( the Continental Association ) until their grievances were redressed , to publish addresses to the people of Great Britain and British America , and to send a petition to the King .	0
what is eggnog made of	A carton and a glass of eggnog from Montreal , Canada , showing its French facade ( English reverse ) and the French term lait de poule ( literally , `` hen 's milk '' )	0
what is eggnog made of	Eggnog , or egg nog , is a sweetened dairy -based beverage traditionally made with milk and/or cream , sugar , and whipped eggs ( which gives it a frothy texture ) .	1
what is eggnog made of	Brandy , rum , whisky , bourbon , vodka , or a combination of liquors are often added .	0
what is eggnog made of	The finished serving is often garnished with a sprinkling of ground cinnamon or nutmeg .	0
what is eggnog made of	It was also known as the egg milk punch .	0
what is eggnog made of	Eggnog is a popular drink throughout the United States and Canada , and is usually associated with Christmas .	0
what is eggnog made of	Eggnog may be added as a flavoring to food or drinks such as coffee and tea .	0
what is eggnog made of	Eggnog as a custard can also be used as an ice cream base .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	The third season of 90210 , an American television series , premiered on Monday September 13 , 2010 .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	The CW officially renewed the show for a third season on February 16 , 2010 .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	With the reveal of the networks fall 2010 schedule , they announced their decision to move 90210 to Monday nights at 8:00 pm , as a lead-in to Gossip Girl .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	It premiered on September 13 , 2010 and was met with generally positive reviews from critics .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	The season picks up at the end of summer and focuses on the students senior year of high school .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	It follows Adrianna 's rise to fame , a new relationship between Silver and Navid and a confused Teddy who decides to reveal to his family and friends he is gay .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	It also deals with the aftermath of Naomi Clark 's assault .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	Regular cast members for the season included Shenae Grimes , Tristan Wilds , AnnaLynne McCord , Ryan Eggold , Jessica Stroup , Michael Steger , Jessica Lowndes , Matt Lanter , Gillian Zinser , Trevor Donovan and Lori Loughlin .	1
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	Rebecca Sinclair continued her role as executive producer for the season .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	The season premiered to 1.96 million viewers and a 0.9 rating in the adults 18–49 demographic .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	Christmas-themed episode `` Holiday Madness '' , hit season highs in all key demos with 2.1 in The CW 's target demo of women 18–34 , a 1.4 in adults 18–34 and a 1.1 in adults 18–49 .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	It was also the most watched episode in over a year with 2.2 million viewers tuning in .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	The season finale aired on May 16 , 2011 .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	The season averaged 1.75 million live viewers and a 0.9 adults 18–49 rating .	0
who are the characters in 90210 in season 3	It was released on DVD in the United States on August 30 , 2011 .	0
who are the two senators of louisiana	Louisiana was admitted to the Union on April 30 , 1812 , and elects senators to Classes 2 and Class 3 .	0
who are the two senators of louisiana	Its current senators are Democrat Mary Landrieu and Republican David Vitter .	1
who sang that song-a change is going to come	`` A Change Is Gon na Come '' is a 1964 single by R & B singer-songwriter Sam Cooke , written and first recorded in 1963 and released under the RCA Victor label shortly after his death in late 1964 .	1
who sang that song-a change is going to come	Though only a modest hit for Cooke in comparison with his previous singles , the song came to exemplify the 1960s ' Civil Rights Movement .	0
who sang that song-a change is going to come	The song has gained in popularity and critical acclaim in the decades since its release , and is # 12 on Rolling Stone 's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time .	0
where does ray lamontagne live	Raymond `` Ray '' Charles Jack LaMontagne ( ; born June 18 , 1973 ) is an American singer-songwriter .	0
where does ray lamontagne live	LaMontagne has released four studio albums , Trouble , Till the Sun Turns Black , Gossip in the Grain and God Willin ' & the Creek Do n't Rise .	0
where does ray lamontagne live	He was born in New Hampshire and was inspired to create music after hearing an album by Stephen Stills .	0
where does ray lamontagne live	Critics have compared LaMontagne 's music to that of The Band , Van Morrison , Nick Drake , and Tim Buckley .	0
where does ray lamontagne live	He lives in Massachusetts with his wife and two children .	1
what did isaac newton do	Sir Isaac Newton ( 25 December 164220 March 1727 ) was an English physicist and mathematician who is widely regarded as one of the most influential scientists of all time and as a key figure in the scientific revolution .	1
what did isaac newton do	His book Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica ( `` Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy '' ) , first published in 1687 , laid the foundations for most of classical mechanics .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton also made seminal contributions to optics and shares credit with Gottfried Leibniz for the invention of the infinitesimal calculus .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton 's Principia formulated the laws of motion and universal gravitation that dominated scientists ' view of the physical universe for the next three centuries .	0
what did isaac newton do	It also demonstrated that the motion of objects on the Earth and that of celestial bodies could be described by the same principles .	0
what did isaac newton do	By deriving Kepler 's laws of planetary motion from his mathematical description of gravity , Newton removed the last doubts about the validity of the heliocentric model of the cosmos .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton built the first practical reflecting telescope and developed a theory of colour based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the many colours of the visible spectrum .	0
what did isaac newton do	He also formulated an empirical law of cooling and studied the speed of sound .	0
what did isaac newton do	In addition to his work on the calculus , as a mathematician Newton contributed to the study of power series , generalised the binomial theorem to non-integer exponents , and developed Newton 's method for approximating the roots of a function .	0
what did isaac newton do	Newton was a fellow of Trinity College and the second Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge .	0
what did isaac newton do	He was a devout but unorthodox Christian and , unusually for a member of the Cambridge faculty , he refused to take holy orders in the Church of England , perhaps because he privately rejected the doctrine of trinitarianism .	0
what did isaac newton do	In addition to his work on the mathematical sciences , Newton also dedicated much of his time to the study of alchemy and biblical chronology , but most of his work in those areas remained unpublished until long after his death .	0
what did isaac newton do	In his later life , Newton became president of the Royal Society .	0
what did isaac newton do	He also served the British government as Warden and Master of the Royal Mint .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake was an undersea megathrust earthquake that occurred at 00:58:53 UTC on Sunday , 26 December 2004 , with an epicentre off the west coast of Sumatra , Indonesia .	1
where was the tsunami in 2005	The quake itself is known by the scientific community as the Sumatra–Andaman earthquake .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	The resulting tsunami was given various names , including the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , South Asian tsunami , Indonesian tsunami , and the Boxing Day tsunami .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	The earthquake was caused by subduction and triggered a series of devastating tsunamis along the coasts of most landmasses bordering the Indian Ocean , killing over 230,000 people in fourteen countries , and inundating coastal communities with waves up to high .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	It was one of the deadliest natural disasters in recorded history .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	Indonesia was the hardest-hit country , followed by Sri Lanka , India , and Thailand .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	With a magnitude of Mw 9.1–9.3 , it is the third largest earthquake ever recorded on a seismograph .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	The earthquake had the longest duration of faulting ever observed , between 8.3 and 10 minutes .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	It caused the entire planet to vibrate as much as and triggered other earthquakes as far away as Alaska .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	Its epicentre was between Simeulue and mainland Indonesia .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	The plight of the affected people and countries prompted a worldwide humanitarian response .	0
where was the tsunami in 2005	In all , the worldwide community donated more than $ 14 billion ( 2004 US $ ) in humanitarian aid .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	The U.S. subprime mortgage crisis was a set of events and conditions that led to a financial crisis and subsequent recession that began in 2008 .	1
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	It was characterized by a rise in subprime mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures , and the resulting decline of securities backed by said mortgages .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Several major financial institutions collapsed in September 2008 , with significant disruption in the flow of credit to businesses and consumers and the onset of a severe global recession .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	There were many causes of the crisis , with commentators assigning different levels of blame to financial institutions , regulators , credit agencies , government housing policies , and consumers , among others .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	A proximate cause was the rise in subprime lending .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	The percentage of lower-quality subprime mortgages originated during a given year rose from the historical 8 % or lower range to approximately 20 % from 2004 to 2006 , with much higher ratios in some parts of the U.S .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	A high percentage of these subprime mortgages , over 90 % in 2006 for example , were adjustable-rate mortgages .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	These two changes were part of a broader trend of lowered lending standards and higher-risk mortgage products .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Further , U.S. households had become increasingly indebted , with the ratio of debt to disposable personal income rising from 77 % in 1990 to 127 % at the end of 2007 , much of this increase mortgage-related .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	When U.S. home prices declined steeply after peaking in mid-2006 , borrowers ' ability to refinance their loans became more difficult .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	As adjustable-rate mortgages began to reset at higher interest rates ( causing higher monthly payments ) , mortgage delinquencies soared .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Securities backed with mortgages , including subprime mortgages , widely held by financial firms globally , lost most of their value .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Global investors also drastically reduced purchases of mortgage-backed debt and other securities as part of a decline in the capacity and willingness of the private financial system to support lending .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Concerns about the soundness of U.S. credit and financial markets led to tightening credit around the world and slowing economic growth in the U.S. and Europe .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	The crisis had severe , long-lasting consequences for the U.S. and European economies .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	The U.S. entered a deep recession , with nearly 9 million jobs lost during 2008 and 2009 , roughly 6 % of the workforce .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	U.S. housing prices fell nearly 30 % on average and the U.S. stock market fell approximately 50 % by early 2009 .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	As of early 2013 , the U.S. stock market had recovered to its pre-crisis peak but housing prices remained near their low point and unemployment remained elevated .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Economic growth remained below pre-crisis levels .	0
when us subprime mortgage market collapse	Europe also continued to struggle with its own economic crisis .	0
where is the palatine canal	The greater palatine canal ( or pterygopalatine canal ) is a passage in the skull that transmits the greater palatine artery , vein , and nerve between the pterygopalatine fossa and the oral cavity .	1
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Deepwater drilling is the process of oil and gas exploration and production in depths of more than 500 feet .	1
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	By this definition , there are approximately 600 deepwater wells in the Gulf of Mexico .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	It has been economically infeasible for many years , but with rising oil prices , more companies are investing in this area .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Major companies working in this sector include Diamond Offshore , TransOcean , and Baker Hughes .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	There are basically two kinds of mobile deepwater drilling rigs : semi-submersible drilling rigs and drillships .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Drilling can also be performed from a fixed-position installation such as a floating spar ( platform ) or tension-leg platform .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Recent industry analysis has estimated that the total expenditure in the global deepwater infrastructure market will reach $ 145bn in 2011 .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“Not all oil is accessible on land or in shallow water .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	You can find some oil deposits buried deep under the ocean floor.” ... Using sonic equipment , oil companies determine the drilling sites most likely to produce oil .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Then they use a mobile offshore drilling unit ( MODU ) to dig the initial well .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Some units are converted into production rigs , meaning they switch from drilling for oil to capturing oil once it 's found .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Most of the time , the oil company will replace the MODU with a more permanent oil production rig to capture oil.” ... The MODU 's job is to drill down into the ocean 's floor to find oil deposits .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	The part of the drill that extends below the deck and through the water is called the riser .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	The riser allows for drilling fluids to move between the floor and the rig .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Engineers lower a drill string -- a series of pipes designed to drill down to the oil deposit -- through the riser.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“The expansion of deepwater drilling is happening despite accidents in offshore fields ... ”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	In 2010 a large explosion occurred killing 11 workers and spilling millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico while a BP oil rig was drilling in deep waters .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“ ... Despite the risks , the deepwater drilling trend is spreading in the Mediterranean and off the coast of East Africa after a string of huge discoveries of natural gas.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“The reason for the resumption of such drilling , analyst say , is continuing high demand for energy worldwide.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	America needs the oil so it is almost necessary to face the high risks that come with deepwater drilling in order for Americans to continue to carry on their everyday lives .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	“The Energy Department recently projected that gulf oil production would expand from its 2011 level of 1.3 million barrels a day , still nearly a quarter of total domestic production , to 2 million barrels a day by 2020.”	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Deepwater drilling affects the environment in both negative and positive ways .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Although Deepwater drilling rarely causes oil spills it is still a hazardous possible outcome .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Oil spills result in oil sinking to the bottom of the ocean smothering plant life leaving fish without food and shelter to survive .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	On the other hand deepwater drilling effects the environment in a positive ways too .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	In time once the deepwater oil well is not in use anymore plants will grow on and around the well making a cave or cavern like shelter ideal for animals to thrive in .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	Deepwater drilling also lets us see the depths of the ocean floor that are hardly ever seen .	0
how deep can be drill for deep underwater	”Cameras on rovers at the bottom of the wells record footage and take photos of rare fish that are in there natural habitat , giving scientist a look at animals they rarely seen” ( Chevron Corporation ) . ''	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	Polyethylene terephthalate ( sometimes written poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) ) , commonly abbreviated PET , PETE , or the obsolete PETP or PET-P , is a thermoplastic polymer resin of the polyester family and is used in synthetic fibers ; beverage , food and other liquid containers ; thermoforming applications ; and engineering resins often in combination with glass fiber .	1
what is Polyester in packaging PET	The term polyethylene terephthalate is a source of confusion because this substance , PET , does not contain polyethylene .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	Thus , the alternate form , poly ( ethylene terephthalate ) , is often used in scholarly journals for the sake of accuracy and clarity .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	Depending on its processing and thermal history , polyethylene terephthalate may exist both as an amorphous ( transparent ) and as a semi-crystalline polymer .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	The semicrystalline material might appear transparent ( particle size < 500 nm ) or opaque and white ( particle size up to a few microns ) depending on its crystal structure and particle size .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	Its monomer ( bis-β-hydroxyterephthalate ) can be synthesized by the esterification reaction between terephthalic acid and ethylene glycol with water as a byproduct , or by transesterification reaction between ethylene glycol and dimethyl terephthalate with methanol as a byproduct .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	Polymerization is through a polycondensation reaction of the monomers ( done immediately after esterification/transesterification ) with water as the byproduct .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	The majority of the world 's PET production is for synthetic fibers ( in excess of 60 % ) , with bottle production accounting for around 30 % of global demand .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	In the context of textile applications , PET is referred to by its common name , `` polyester , '' whereas the acronym `` PET '' is generally used in relation to packaging .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	Polyester makes up about 18 % of world polymer production and is the third-most-produced polymer ; polyethylene ( PE ) and polypropylene ( PP ) are first and second , respectively .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	PET consists of polymerized units of the monomer ethylene terephthalate , with repeating C10H8O4 units .	0
what is Polyester in packaging PET	PET is commonly recycled , and has the number `` 1 '' as its recycling symbol .	0
how many seasons heroes	Heroes is an American science fiction television drama series created by Tim Kring that appeared on NBC for four seasons from September 25 , 2006 through February 8 , 2010 .	0
how many seasons heroes	The series tells the stories of ordinary people who discover superhuman abilities , and how these abilities take effect in the characters ' lives .	0
how many seasons heroes	The series emulates the aesthetic style and storytelling of American comic books , using multi-episode story arcs that build upon a larger , more encompassing arc .	0
how many seasons heroes	The series was produced by Tailwind Productions in association with Universal Media Studios .	0
how many seasons heroes	It was filmed primarily in Los Angeles , California .	0
how many seasons heroes	Four complete seasons aired , ending on February 8 , 2010 .	1
how many seasons heroes	The critically acclaimed first season had a run of 23 episodes and garnered an average of 14.3 million viewers in the United States , receiving the highest rating for an NBC drama premiere in five years .	0
how many seasons heroes	The second season of Heroes attracted an average of 13.1 million viewers in the U.S. , and marked NBC 's sole series among the top 20 ranked programs in total viewership for the 2007–2008 season .	0
how many seasons heroes	Heroes has earned a number of awards and nominations , including Primetime Emmy Awards , Golden Globes , People 's Choice Awards and British Academy Television Awards .	0
how many seasons heroes	An online extension of the series , Heroes 360 Experience , later rebranded as Heroes Evolutions , was created to explore the Heroes universe and provides insight into the show 's mythology .	0
how many seasons heroes	Other official Heroes media include magazines , action figures , tie-in and interactive websites , a mobile game , a novel , clothing and other merchandise .	0
how many seasons heroes	In the fall of 2008 , NBC Digital Entertainment released a series of online content for the summer , including more original web content , wireless iTV interactivity , graphic novels available for mobile viewing and webisodes .	0
how many seasons heroes	NBC announced Heroes cancellation on May 14 , 2010 .	0
how many seasons heroes	Afterward , the network considered making a television special event to conclude the series ; however , on September 9 , 2010 , NBC announced the decision to stop any further development of the Heroes franchise .	0
how many seasons heroes	Tim Kring then suggested that the broad premise of Heroes storylines allowed for the franchise to return for fans , but he did not specify when or in what media format .	0
how many seasons heroes	On April 17 , 2013 , TV Line reported that MSN was in talks to revive the series with a new cast .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	The Rapture is a term in Christian eschatology which refers to the `` being caught up '' discussed in 1 Thessalonians 4:17 , when the `` dead in Christ '' and `` we who are alive and remain '' will be `` caught up in the clouds '' to meet `` the Lord in the air '' .	1
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	The term `` Rapture '' is used in at least two senses .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	In the pre-tribulation view , a group of people will be left behind on earth after another group literally leaves `` to meet the Lord in the air . ''	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	This is now the most common use of the term , especially among fundamentalist Christians and in the United States .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	The other , older use of the term `` Rapture '' is simply as a synonym for the final resurrection generally , without a belief that a group of people is left behind on earth for an extended Tribulation period after the events of 1 Thessalonians 4:17 .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	This distinction is important as some types of Christianity never refer to `` the Rapture '' in religious education , but might use the older and more general sense of the word `` rapture '' in referring to what happens during the final resurrection .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	There are many views among Christians regarding the timing of Christ 's return ( including whether it will occur in one event or two ) , and various views regarding the destination of the aerial gathering described in 1 Thessalonians 4 .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	Denominations such as Roman Catholics , Orthodox Christians , Lutheran Christians , and Reformed Christians believe in a rapture only in the sense of a general final resurrection , when Christ returns a single time .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	They do not believe that a group of people is left behind on earth for an extended Tribulation period after the events of 1 Thessalonians 4:17 .	0
What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense ?	Pre-tribulation rapture theology was developed in the 1830s by John Nelson Darby and the Plymouth Brethren , and popularized in the United States in the early 20th century by the wide circulation of the Scofield Reference Bible .	0
who made the original care bears	The Care Bears are characters created by American Greetings in 1981 for use on greeting cards .	1
who made the original care bears	The original artwork for the cards was painted by artist Elena Kucharik .	0
who made the original care bears	In 1983 , Kenner turned the Care Bears into plush teddy bears .	0
who made the original care bears	The Care Bears appeared in their own TV specials called The Care Bears in the Land Without Feelings ( 1983 ) and The Care Bears Battle the Freeze Machine ( 1984 ) .	0
who made the original care bears	They also had their own television series from 1985 to 1988 , in addition to three feature films : The Care Bears Movie ( 1985 ) , Care Bears Movie II : A New Generation ( 1986 ) , and The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland ( 1987 ) .	0
who made the original care bears	Each Care Bear comes in a different color and has a specialized insignia on its belly that represents its duty and personality .	0
who made the original care bears	This insignia was known as their `` tummy symbol . ''	0
who made the original care bears	However , the movie Care Bears : Oopsy Does It ! renamed them `` belly badges '' .	0
who made the original care bears	Adding to the Care Bear family are the `` Care Bear Cousins '' , which feature a lion , rabbit , penguin , raccoon , and other such animals created in the same style as the teddy bears .	0
who made the original care bears	In 2002 , the bears were reintroduced with new toys .	0
who made the original care bears	Made by Play-Along Toys , the new toys offered features such as illuminated bellies upon touch , aerobic bears , and glow-in-the-dark bears .	0
who made the original care bears	As part of this comeback , the Bears have appeared in two computer-animated movies : Care Bears : Journey to Joke-a-lot ( 2004 ) and The Care Bears ' Big Wish Movie ( 2005 ) .	0
who made the original care bears	In 2007 , the franchise celebrated its 25th anniversary ; another relaunch took place , as well as the release of Care Bears : Oopsy Does It ! .	0
who made the original care bears	In mid-2011 , AG announced a revival TV animated series titled `` Care Bears : Welcome to Care-a-Lot `` .	0
who made the original care bears	The premiere of the series utilizes `` 30 years of caring '' .	0
who made the original care bears	It premiered on The Hub on June 2 , 2012 .	0
who made the original care bears	As of 2013 , Care Bears merchandise is still being marketed .	0
who made the original care bears	During 2008 and 2009 , Canada 's Cookie Jar Group and France 's MoonScoop Group attempted to acquire the franchise from AGC , with no apparent success .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	The nautical mile ( symbol M , NM or nmi ) is a unit of length that is about one minute of arc of latitude measured along any meridian , or about one minute of arc of longitude at the equator .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	By international agreement it has been set at 1,852 metres exactly ( about 6,076 feet ) .	1
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	It is a non- SI unit ( although accepted for use in the International System of Units by the BIPM ) used especially by navigators in the shipping and aviation industries , and also in polar exploration .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	It is commonly used in international law and treaties , especially regarding the limits of territorial waters .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	It developed from the sea mile and the related geographical mile .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	The nautical mile remains in use by sea and air navigators worldwide because of its convenience when working with charts .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	Most nautical charts use the Mercator projection whose scale varies by about a factor of six from the equator to 80° latitude , so charts covering large areas can not use a single linear scale .	0
WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE	The nautical mile is nearly equal to a minute of latitude on a chart , so a distance measured with a chart divider can be roughly converted to nautical miles using the chart 's latitude scale .	0
what is a vm server	A virtual machine ( VM ) is a software implemented abstraction of the underlying hardware , which is presented to the application layer of the system .	1
what is a vm server	Virtual machines may be based on specifications of a hypothetical computer or emulate the computer architecture and functions of a real world computer .	0
Who Makes Nexen Tires	Nexen Tire is a tire manufacturer , headquartered in Yangsan , South Gyeongsang Province , and Seoul , both in South Korea .	1
Who Makes Nexen Tires	Its major domestic competitors are Hankook Tire and Kumho Tires .	0
Who Makes Nexen Tires	The company 's name is reflected in the company slogan , `` Next Century Tire . ''	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking is the use of the Internet or other electronic means to stalk or harass an individual , a group of individuals , or an organization .	1
what do cyberstalkers do	It may include the making of false accusations or statements of fact ( as in defamation ) , monitoring , making threats , identity theft , damage to data or equipment , the solicitation of minors for sex , or gathering information that may be used to harass .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	The definition of `` harassment '' must meet the criterion that a reasonable person , in possession of the same information , would regard it as sufficient to cause another reasonable person distress .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking is different from spatial or offline stalking in that it occurs through the use of electronic communications technology such as the internet .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	However , it sometimes leads to it , or is accompanied by it .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Both are criminal offenses .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking shares important characteristics with offline stalking .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Many stalkers – online or off – are motivated by a desire to control their victims .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	A cyberstalker may be an online stranger or a person whom the target knows .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	A cyberstalker may be anonymous and may solicit involvement of other people online who do not even know the target .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	Cyberstalking is a criminal offense that comes into play under state anti-stalking laws , slander laws , and harassment laws .	0
what do cyberstalkers do	A cyberstalking conviction can result in a restraining order , probation , or even criminal penalties against the assailant , including jail .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	Kennywood is an amusement park located in West Mifflin , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Pittsburgh .	1
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	The park first opened in 1898 as a `` trolley park '' attraction at the end of the Mellon family 's Monongahela Street Railway .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	The park was purchased in 1906 by F. W. Henninger and Andrew McSwigan and thus began the Kennywood Entertainment company that has remained a closely held family business for over 100 years .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	This traditional amusement park still has structures and rides dating back to its opening and the early 1900s .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	Along with Rye Playland Park , it is one of only two amusement parks listed in the National Register of Historic Places .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	Kennywood is owned by Kennywood Entertainment Company , which until December 2007 was a closely held family business owned by the Henninger and McSwigan families .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	Kennywood Entertainment is now operated by California-based Palace Entertainment , a subsidiary of Parques Reunidos , an international amusement park company based in Madrid , Spain .	0
where is kennywood in pittsburgh	Parque Reunidos is in turn a subsidiary of Candover Investments , an investment fund based in the UK .	0
what are anti inflammatories	Anti-inflammatory refers to the property of a substance or treatment that reduces inflammation .	1
what are anti inflammatories	Anti-inflammatory drugs make up about half of analgesics , remedying pain by reducing inflammation as opposed to opioids , which affect the central nervous system .	0
when did playstation 3 first launch	The launch of the PlayStation 3 into the Japanese market on 10 November 2006 marked the second major seventh generation entertainment system to be released .	1
when did playstation 3 first launch	The system was released seven days later on 17 November in the United States .	0
when did playstation 3 first launch	Introduction into other world markets was delayed by a shortage of diodes for use in the Blu-ray disc player ; the device was launched in European and other world markets in the first half of 2007 .	0
what are club seats	Club level seating is a special section of seating in modern sports stadiums .	0
what are club seats	The Club Level is usually located towards the middle of the stage of seating sections , above the lower deck but below the upper deck .	0
what are club seats	They are usually right next to the Luxury Boxes , either right above , right below , or sandwiched between two levels of Luxury Boxes .	1
what are club seats	Club Level seating is considered as higher class than sitting anywhere else in the arena , but lower class compared to the Luxury Boxes .	1
what are club seats	Unlike the Luxury Boxes , most club levels do not wrap entirely around the arena .	0
what are club seats	Some club levels stop at a certain point , giving way to an expansion of the Mezzanine , while others give way to lower class Luxury Boxes ( such as `` Party Suites '' ) .	0
what are club seats	A notable exception to this is Emirates Stadium in London , which has a complete tier of club seating .	0
what are club seats	Club Levels allow fans multiple levels of entertainment .	0
what are club seats	Club Level seating is open to the elements , as opposed to the entirely enclosed luxury boxes , which gives more of an outdoors impression at roofless and open-roof stadiums and arenas .	0
what are club seats	Club Level seating is normally bought on a contract basis to allow for maximum profit on the part of the stadium .	0
what are club seats	The Club Level provides fans with special access to an indoor part of the arena exclusive to fans with special tickets .	0
what are club seats	These areas are air conditioned and allow access to special restaurants , merchandise stands , and lounge areas of the stadium that are not otherwise available .	0
what are club seats	Concession stands and vendors on the Club Level also often offer different menus than in other stands to give more of a special feel to the Club .	0
what are club seats	These areas are closed off to the rest of the stadium , and they usually can only be accessed through the exclusive , private club entrances .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Christopher Columbus ( Italian : Cristoforo Colombo ; Spanish : Cristóbal Colón ; Portuguese : Cristóvão Colombo ; before 31 October 145120 May 1506 ) was an Italian explorer , navigator , and colonizer , born in the Republic of Genoa , in what is today northwestern Italy .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Under the auspices of the Catholic Monarchs of Spain , he completed four voyages across the Atlantic Ocean that led to general European awareness of the American continents .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Those voyages , and his efforts to establish permanent settlements on the island of Hispaniola , initiated the Spanish colonization of the New World .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	In the context of emerging western imperialism and economic competition between European kingdoms seeking wealth through the establishment of trade routes and colonies , Columbus 's speculative proposal , to reach the East Indies by sailing westward , eventually received the support of the Spanish crown , which saw in it a promise , however remote , of gaining the upper hand over rival powers in the contest for the lucrative spice trade with Asia .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	During his first voyage in 1492 , instead of reaching Japan as he had intended , Columbus landed in the Bahamas archipelago , at a locale he named San Salvador .	1
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Over the course of three more voyages , Columbus visited the Greater and Lesser Antilles , as well as the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and Central America , claiming them for the Spanish Empire .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Though Columbus was not the first European explorer to reach the Americas ( having been preceded by the Norse expedition led by Leif Ericson in the 11th century ) , Columbus 's voyages led to the first lasting European contact with the Americas , inaugurating a period of European exploration , conquest , and colonization that lasted for several centuries .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	They had , therefore , an enormous impact in the historical development of the modern Western world .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Columbus himself saw his accomplishments primarily in the light of the spreading of the Christian religion .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Never admitting that he had reached a continent previously unknown to Europeans , rather than the East Indies he had set out for , Columbus called the inhabitants of the lands he visited indios ( Spanish for `` Indians `` ) .	0
where did columbus really land in 1492 ?	Columbus 's strained relationship with the Spanish crown and its appointed colonial administrators in America led to his arrest and dismissal as governor of the settlements on the island of Hispaniola in 1500 , and later to protracted litigation over the benefits which Columbus and his heirs claimed were owed to them by the crown .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton Companies Inc. is the world 's largest privately held insurance brokerage firm , providing insurance , risk management and employee benefits solutions .	0
what is lockton affinity	In addition to its Kansas City , Missouri headquarters , Lockton operates 60 locations in 17 countries .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton is currently home to more than 4,450 Associates worldwide .	0
what is lockton affinity	The company was founded by Jack Lockton in 1966 and has since become the world’s 9th largest insurance brokerage firm .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton serves a wide array of industries with services that include risk management , casualty , surety , professional indemnity and more .	0
what is lockton affinity	For 46 years , Lockton posted extraordinary organic growth , with global revenues reaching $ 915 million in fiscal 2012 .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton Benefits Group : Lockton’s Employee Benefit’s team works closely with insurance carriers and administrators to create comprehensive and integrated benefits strategies for clients .	0
what is lockton affinity	The Lockton Benefits Group provides services including compliance , executive benefits , health and welfare , health risk solutions , retirement and more .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton Affinity : Lockton Affinity , an affiliate of Lockton Companies , meets the insurance needs of affinity groups , franchises , professional organizations , and associations of all sizes .	1
what is lockton affinity	Lockton Affinity offers a variety of insurance product options and programs .	1
what is lockton affinity	Products include : General Liability , Professional Liability , Property , Workers Compensation , Directors & Officers Liability , Commercial Auto , Specialty Coverage , Excess , Health Plans and more .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton International : Lockton International operates offices in the UK and Ireland , as well as offices throughout Asia and Latin America .	0
what is lockton affinity	In Europe , Lockton International is a partner in EOS RISQ , Europe’s leading insurance broking and risk management consultancy .	0
what is lockton affinity	EOS RISQ is an equity-based European partnership of major independent insurance brokers with over 3,500 employees based in more than 30 countries in Europe .	0
what is lockton affinity	Lockton International provides specialized solutions for personal lines , SME’s and major multi-national clients .	0
when was jamestown colonized	Jamestown was a settlement in the Colony of Virginia , the first permanent English settlement in the Americas .	0
when was jamestown colonized	Established by the Virginia Company of London as `` James Fort '' on May 14 , 1607 ( O.S . , May 24 , 1607 N.S . ) , it followed several earlier failed attempts , including the Lost Colony of Roanoke .	1
when was jamestown colonized	Jamestown served as the capital of the colony for 83 years , from 1616 until 1699 .	0
when was jamestown colonized	The settlement was located within the territory of a political entity known as Tsenacommacah , the state of the Powhatan Confederacy , with around 14,000 native inhabitants , and specifically was in part of the subdivision known as the Paspahegh tribe .	0
when was jamestown colonized	The natives initially welcomed the colonists with dancing , feasting and tobacco ceremonies , and they provided crucial provisions and support for the survival of the colonists , who were not agriculturally inclined , although relations with the newcomers also soured fairly early on , leading to the total annihilation of the Paspahegh in warfare within 3 years .	0
when was jamestown colonized	Within a year of Jamestown 's founding , the Virginia Company brought Polish and Dutch colonists to help improve the settlement .	0
when was jamestown colonized	In 1619 , the first documented Africans were brought to Jamestown , though the modern conception of slavery in the future United States did not begin in Virginia until 1660 .	0
when was jamestown colonized	When the colony was subdivided into the original eight shires of Virginia in 1634 , the town became located in the eponymous James City Shire .	0
when was jamestown colonized	The London Company 's second settlement , Bermuda , claims to be the site of the oldest town in the English New World , as St. George 's , Bermuda was officially established ( as New London ) in 1612 , whereas James Fort , in Virginia , was not to be converted into James towne until 1619 , and further did not survive into the present day .	0
when was jamestown colonized	In 1699 , the capital was relocated from Jamestown to what is today Williamsburg , after which Jamestown ceased to exist as a settlement , existing today only as an archaeological site .	0
when was jamestown colonized	Today , Jamestown is one of three locations comprising the Historic Triangle of Colonial Virginia , along with Williamsburg and Yorktown , with two primary heritage sites .	0
when was jamestown colonized	Historic Jamestowne , the archaeological site on Jamestown Island , is a cooperative effort by Jamestown National Historic Site ( part of Colonial National Historical Park ) , and Preservation Virginia .	0
when was jamestown colonized	The Jamestown Settlement , a living history interpretive site , is operated by the Jamestown Yorktown Foundation in conjunction with the Commonwealth of Virginia .	0
what is cta used for	Computed tomography angiography ( CTA ) is a computed tomography technique used to visualize arterial and venous vessels throughout the body .	1
what is cta used for	This ranges from arteries serving the brain to those bringing blood to the lungs , kidneys , arms and legs .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	The kidneys are organs that serve several essential regulatory roles in most animals , including vertebrates and some invertebrates .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	They are essential in the urinary system and also serve homeostatic functions such as the regulation of electrolytes , maintenance of acid–base balance , and regulation of blood pressure ( via maintaining salt and water balance ) .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	They serve the body as a natural filter of the blood , and remove wastes which are diverted to the urinary bladder .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	In producing urine , the kidneys excrete wastes such as urea and ammonium , and they are also responsible for the reabsorption of water , glucose , and amino acids .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	The kidneys also produce hormones including calcitriol , erythropoietin , and the enzyme renin .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Located at the rear of the abdominal cavity in the retroperitoneum , the kidneys receive blood from the paired renal arteries , and drain into the paired renal veins .	1
where are the kidneys in your body	Each kidney excretes urine into a ureter , itself a paired structure that empties into the urinary bladder .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Renal physiology is the study of kidney function , while nephrology is the medical specialty concerned with kidney diseases .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Diseases of the kidney are diverse , but individuals with kidney disease frequently display characteristic clinical features .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Common clinical conditions involving the kidney include the nephritic and nephrotic syndromes , renal cysts , acute kidney injury , chronic kidney disease , urinary tract infection , nephrolithiasis , and urinary tract obstruction .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Various cancers of the kidney exist ; the most common adult renal cancer is renal cell carcinoma .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Cancers , cysts , and some other renal conditions can be managed with removal of the kidney , or nephrectomy .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	When renal function , measured by glomerular filtration rate , is persistently poor , dialysis and kidney transplantation may be treatment options .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	Although they are not severely harmful , kidney stones can be painful and a nuisance .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	The removal of kidney stones involves ultrasound treatment to break up the stones into smaller pieces , which are then passed through the urinary tract .	0
where are the kidneys in your body	One common symptom of kidney stones is a sharp pain in the medial/lateral segments of the lower back .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	`` Auld Lang Syne '' ( : note `` s '' rather than `` z '' ) is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1788 and set to the tune of a traditional folk song ( Roud # 6294 ) .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	It is well known in many countries , especially in the English-speaking world ; its traditional use being to celebrate the start of the New Year at the stroke of midnight .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	By extension , it is also sung at funerals , graduations and as a farewell or ending to other occasions .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	The international Boy Scout youth movement , in many countries , uses it as a close to jamborees and other functions .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	The song 's Scots title may be translated into English literally as `` old long since '' , or more idiomatically , `` long long ago '' , `` days gone by '' or `` old times '' .	1
what does auld lang syne mean	Consequently `` For auld lang syne '' , as it appears in the first line of the chorus , might be loosely translated as `` for ( the sake of ) old times '' .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	The phrase `` Auld Lang Syne '' is also used in similar poems by Robert Ayton ( 1570–1638 ) , Allan Ramsay ( 1686–1757 ) , and James Watson ( 1711 ) as well as older folk songs predating Burns .	0
what does auld lang syne mean	Matthew Fitt uses the phrase `` In the days of auld lang syne '' as the equivalent of `` Once upon a time ...	0
what does auld lang syne mean	`` in his retelling of fairy tales in the Scots language .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	Day of the Dead ( ) is a Mexican holiday celebrated throughout Mexico and around the world in other cultures .	1
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	The holiday focuses on gatherings of family and friends to pray for and remember friends and family members who have died .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	It is particularly celebrated in Mexico , where it is a national holiday , and all banks are closed .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	The celebration takes place on November 1 and 2 , in connection with the Catholic holidays of All Saints ' Day and All Souls ' Day .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	Traditions connected with the holiday include building private altars honoring the deceased using sugar skulls , marigolds , and the favorite foods and beverages of the departed and visiting graves with these as gifts .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	They also leave possessions of the deceased .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	Scholars trace the origins of the modern Mexican holiday to indigenous observances dating back hundreds of years and to an Aztec festival dedicated to the goddess Mictecacihuatl .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	The holiday has spread throughout the world : In Brazil , Dia de Finados is a public holiday that many Brazilians celebrate by visiting cemeteries and churches .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	In Spain , there are festivals and parades , and , at the end of the day , people gather at cemeteries and pray for their dead loved ones .	0
where is dia de los muertos celebrated	Similar observances occur elsewhere in Europe , and similarly themed celebrations appear in many Asian and African cultures .	0
what is an arc in a story plot	A story arc is an extended or continuing storyline in episodic storytelling media such as television , comic books , comic strips , boardgames , video games , and in some cases , films .	1
what is an arc in a story plot	On a television program , for example , the story would unfold over many episodes .	0
what is an arc in a story plot	In television , the use of the story arc is much more common in dramas than in comedies , especially in soap operas .	0
what is an arc in a story plot	Webcomics are more likely to use story arcs than newspaper comics , as most web comics have readable archives online that a newcomer to the strip can read in order to understand what is going on .	0
what is an arc in a story plot	Although story arcs have existed for decades , the term `` story arc '' was coined in 1988 in relation to the television series Wiseguy , and was quickly adapted for other uses .	0
what is an arc in a story plot	Many American comic book series are now written in four or six-issue arcs , within a continuing series .	0
what is an arc in a story plot	Short story arcs are easier to package as trade paperbacks for resale , and more accessible to the casual reader than the never-ending continuity that once characterised comics .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Muse are an English rock band from Teignmouth , Devon , which formed in 1994 .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	The band consists of school friends Matthew Bellamy ( lead vocals , lead guitar , piano , keyboards , keytar ) , Christopher Wolstenholme ( bass , vocals , keyboards , rhythm guitar , harmonica ) and Dominic Howard ( drums , percussion , synthesisers , sampling ) .	1
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Since the release of their 2006 album Black Holes and Revelations , keyboardist and percussionist Morgan Nicholls has performed live with the band .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Muse are known for their energetic and extravagant live performances and their fusion of many music genres , including space rock , progressive rock , alternative rock , heavy metal , classical music and electronica .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Muse have released six studio albums : Showbiz ( 1999 ) , Origin of Symmetry ( 2001 ) , Absolution ( 2003 ) , Black Holes and Revelations ( 2006 ) , The Resistance ( 2009 ) and The 2nd Law ( 2012 ) .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	They have also issued three live albums , Hullabaloo Soundtrack ( 2002 ) , which is also a compilation of B-sides , Absolution Tour ( 2005 ) , and HAARP ( 2008 ) , which documents the band 's performances at Wembley Stadium in 2007 .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Black Holes and Revelations earned the band a Mercury Prize nomination and a third place finish in the NME Albums of the Year list for 2006 .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Muse have also won a collection of music awards throughout their history , including five MTV Europe Music Awards , six Q Awards , eight NME Awards , two Brit Awards —winning `` Best British Live Act '' twice , an MTV Video Music Award , four Kerrang !	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Awards and an American Music Award .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	They were also nominated for five Grammy Awards , of which they won Best Rock Album , for their fifth studio album The Resistance ( 2009 ) .	0
what is muse 's lead singer 's name	Muse have sold over 15 million albums worldwide .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Mark Travis John Sanchez ( born November 11 , 1986 ) is an American football quarterback for the New York Jets of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	1
where is mark sanchez from	He was drafted in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft as the fifth overall selection by the Jets and the second quarterback taken overall .	0
where is mark sanchez from	He played college football at the University of Southern California ( USC ) .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Sanchez grew up in a well-disciplined and athletic family .	0
where is mark sanchez from	In the eighth grade , he began to play football and learn the intricacies of the quarterback position , training with his father , Nick .	0
where is mark sanchez from	A well-regarded prospect , Sanchez committed to Southern California following his successful high school career in which he led his team to a championship title during his final season .	0
where is mark sanchez from	At USC , Sanchez was relegated as the backup quarterback during his first three years though he rose to prominence due to his brief appearances on the field in 2007 due to injuries suffered by starting quarterback John David Booty .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Sanchez also became popular within the community due to his Mexican-American heritage .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Named the starter in 2008 , Sanchez led USC to a 12–1 record and won the Rose Bowl against Penn State for which Sanchez was awarded the Most Valuable Player award for his performance on offense .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Although many considered him too inexperienced , Sanchez announced his intention to enter the 2009 NFL Draft .	0
where is mark sanchez from	He was selected by the Jets after they traded up with the Cleveland Browns , and was named the starting quarterback prior to the start of the season .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Despite a subpar performance , Sanchez led the Jets to the AFC Championship Game , a losing effort to the Indianapolis Colts , becoming the fourth rookie quarterback in NFL history to win his first playoff game and the second to win two playoff games .	0
where is mark sanchez from	In his second season , Sanchez continued to develop and led the Jets to the playoffs and the team 's second consecutive AFC Championship Game where they narrowly lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers , 24–19 .	0
where is mark sanchez from	With the win over the New England Patriots the week prior , Sanchez tied four other quarterbacks for the second most post-season road victories by a quarterback in NFL history .	0
where is mark sanchez from	In leading the Jets to two consecutive conference championships , Sanchez joined quarterback Ben Roethlisberger as the only two quarterbacks in NFL history to reach the conference championship in their first two seasons in the league .	0
where is mark sanchez from	The next two seasons would be a regression for both the team and Sanchez as they failed to reach the playoffs .	0
where is mark sanchez from	Fans and media critics called for a struggling Sanchez to be benched .	0
where is mark sanchez from	He eventually was replaced towards the end of the 2012 season with Greg McElroy .	0
what are tires made of	Stacked and standing car tires	0
what are tires made of	A tire ( or tyre ) is a ring-shaped covering that fits around a wheel 's rim to protect it and enable better vehicle performance .	0
what are tires made of	Most tires , such as those for automobiles and bicycles , provide traction between the vehicle and the road while providing a flexible cushion that absorbs shock .	0
what are tires made of	The materials of modern pneumatic tires are synthetic rubber , natural rubber , fabric and wire , along with carbon black and other chemical compounds .	1
what are tires made of	They consist of a tread and a body .	0
what are tires made of	The tread provides traction while the body provides containment for a quantity of compressed air .	0
what are tires made of	Before rubber was developed , the first versions of tires were simply bands of metal that fitted around wooden wheels to prevent wear and tear .	0
what are tires made of	Early rubber tires were solid ( not pneumatic ) .	0
what are tires made of	Today , the majority of tires are pneumatic inflatable structures , comprising a doughnut-shaped body of cords and wires encased in rubber and generally filled with compressed air to form an inflatable cushion .	0
what are tires made of	Pneumatic tires are used on many types of vehicles , including cars , bicycles , motorcycles , trucks , earthmovers , and aircraft .	0
what are tires made of	Metal tires are still used on locomotives and railcars , and solid rubber ( or other polymer ) tires are still used in various non-automotive applications , such as some casters , carts , lawnmowers , and wheelbarrows .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	Delaware ( ) is a U.S. state located on the Atlantic Coast in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	It is bordered to the south and west by Maryland , to the northeast by New Jersey , and to the north by Pennsylvania .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	The state takes its name from Thomas West , 3rd Baron De La Warr , an English nobleman and Virginia 's first colonial governor , after whom what is now called Cape Henlopen was originally named .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	Delaware is located in the northeastern portion of the Delmarva Peninsula and is the second smallest , the sixth least populous , but the sixth most densely populated of the fifty United States .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	Delaware is divided into three counties .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	From north to south , these three counties are New Castle , Kent , and Sussex .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	While the southern two counties have historically been predominantly agricultural , New Castle County has been more industrialized .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	Before its coastline was explored by Europeans in the 16th century , Delaware was inhabited by several groups of Native Americans , including the Lenape in the north and Nanticoke in the south .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	It was initially colonized by Dutch traders at Zwaanendael , located near the present town of Lewes , in 1631 .	0
how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state ?	Delaware was one of the 13 colonies participating in the American Revolution and on December 7 , 1787 , became the first state to ratify the Constitution of the United States , thereby becoming known as The First State .	1
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Bad Girls Club ( BGC ) is an American reality television series created by Jonathan Murray for the Oxygen television station .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	The show centers on seven feisty and mischievous women with different backgrounds and personalities , who have a number of psychological and behavioral problems .	1
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	They are introduced to the show off their pernicious behavior and accomplish specific goals .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	The cast , deemed `` bad girls '' , enjoy a luxurious lifestyle in a fine mansion for three months , during which they must obey specified rules .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Their lives inside – and outside – of the house are chronicled and recorded by the production team .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	The Bad Girls Club is broadcast in five countries ( United States , Netherlands , Australia , Hungary , and Sweden ) .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	It has received negative reviews from critics , who believe the show promotes violence by adolescent viewers .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Furthermore , several cast members made controversial remarks which outraged many viewers .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	The format of the show has changed from early seasons .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	If a `` bad girl '' breaks a rule , she is evicted from the show and , if it is early in the season , replaced by a new `` bad girl '' .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	There have been nine complete seasons of The Bad Girls Club , with the tenth season currently airing .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	The fourth season had the highest ratings in the show 's history , becoming its `` breakthrough season '' .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	There have been three spin-offs of The Bad Girls Club .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	One of them , Love Games : Bad Girls Need Love Too , where past cast members seek true love , has gained high ratings .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Oxygen has also released a mobile game , comic strip and merchandise to promote the show .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Of the 92 contestants , Kerry Harvick ( of season one ) was a successful country singer before the show .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Tanisha Thomas ( of season two ) later hosted Oxygen 's OxygenLive !	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	and the subsequent seasons of Love Games : Bad Girls Need Love Too .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	Thomas , who has been dubbed the `` godmother '' to all contestants , has her own television documentary entitled Tanisha Gets Married .	0
who are the girls from the bad girls club ?	As of Season 8 she 's been the host of the reunion specials .	0
who is the junior senator of nc	Janet Kay Ruthven Hagan ( ; born May 26 , 1953 ) is the junior United States Senator from North Carolina , in office since January 2009 .	1
who is the junior senator of nc	Previously she served in the North Carolina Senate from 1999 to 2009 .	0
who is the junior senator of nc	She is a member of the Democratic Party and is viewed as a moderate member of her party .	0
who is the junior senator of nc	When Hagan defeated Republican incumbent Elizabeth Dole in the 2008 United States Senate election , she became the first woman to defeat an incumbent woman in a Senate election .	0
What is hydrogen in	Hydrogen is a chemical element with symbol H and atomic number 1 .	0
What is hydrogen in	With an atomic weight of ( for hydrogen-1 ) , hydrogen is the lightest element and its monatomic form ( H1 ) is the most abundant chemical substance , constituting roughly 75 % of the Universe 's baryonic mass .	0
What is hydrogen in	Non- remnant stars are mainly composed of hydrogen in its plasma state .	0
What is hydrogen in	At standard temperature and pressure , hydrogen is a colorless , odorless , tasteless , non-toxic , nonmetallic , highly combustible diatomic gas with the molecular formula H2 .	0
What is hydrogen in	Most of the hydrogen on Earth is in molecules such as water and organic compounds because hydrogen readily forms covalent compounds with most non-metallic elements .	1
What is hydrogen in	Hydrogen plays a particularly important role in acid-base chemistry with many reactions exchanging protons between soluble molecules .	0
What is hydrogen in	In ionic compounds , it can take a negative charge ( an anion known as a hydride and written as H− ) , or as a positively charged species H+ .	0
What is hydrogen in	The latter cation is written as though composed of a bare proton , but in reality , hydrogen cations in ionic compounds always occur as more complex species .	0
What is hydrogen in	The most common isotope of hydrogen is protium ( name rarely used , symbol 1H ) with a single proton and no neutrons .	0
What is hydrogen in	As the simplest atom known , the hydrogen atom has been of theoretical use .	0
What is hydrogen in	For example , as the only neutral atom with an analytic solution to the Schrödinger equation , the study of the energetics and bonding of the hydrogen atom played a key role in the development of quantum mechanics .	0
What is hydrogen in	Hydrogen gas was first artificially produced in the early 16th century , via the mixing of metals with acids .	0
What is hydrogen in	In 1766–81 , Henry Cavendish was the first to recognize that hydrogen gas was a discrete substance , and that it produces water when burned , a property which later gave it its name : in Greek , hydrogen means `` water-former '' .	0
What is hydrogen in	Industrial production is mainly from the steam reforming of natural gas , and less often from more energy-intensive hydrogen production methods like the electrolysis of water .	0
What is hydrogen in	Most hydrogen is employed near its production site , with the two largest uses being fossil fuel processing ( e.g. , hydrocracking ) and ammonia production , mostly for the fertilizer market .	0
What is hydrogen in	Hydrogen is a concern in metallurgy as it can embrittle many metals , complicating the design of pipelines and storage tanks .	0
where does the expression `` knocking on wood '' come from	Knocking on wood , or to touch wood , refers to the apotropaic tradition in western folklore of literally touching/knocking on wood , or merely stating that you are doing or intend same , in order to avoid `` tempting fate `` after making a favourable observation , a boast , or declaration concerning one 's own death .	1
what are lobbying groups	Lobbying ( also lobby ) is the act of attempting to influence decisions made by officials in the government , most often legislators or members of regulatory agencies .	1
what are lobbying groups	Lobbying is done by many different types of people and organized groups , including individuals in the private sector , corporations , fellow legislators or government officials , or advocacy groups ( interest groups ) .	1
what are lobbying groups	Lobbyists may be among a legislator 's constituencies , meaning a voter or bloc of voters within his or her electoral district , or not ; they may engage in lobbying as a business , or not .	0
what are lobbying groups	Professional lobbyists are people whose business is trying to influence legislation on behalf of a group or individual who hires them .	0
what are lobbying groups	Individuals and nonprofit organizations can also lobby as an act of volunteering or as a small part of their normal job ( for instance , a CEO meeting with a representative about a project important to his/her company , or an activist meeting with his/her legislator in an unpaid capacity ) .	0
what are lobbying groups	Governments often define and regulate organized group lobbying that has become influential .	0
what are lobbying groups	The ethics and morality of lobbying are .	0
what are lobbying groups	Lobbying is often spoken of with contempt , when the implication is that people with inordinate socioeconomic power are corrupting the law ( twisting it away from fairness ) in order to serve their own conflict of interest .	0
what are lobbying groups	But another side of lobbying is making sure that others ' interests are duly defended against others ' corruption , or even simply making sure that minority interests are fairly defended against mere tyranny of the majority .	0
what are lobbying groups	For example , a medical association , or a trade association of health insurance companies , may lobby a legislature in order to counteract the influence of tobacco companies , in which case the lobbying would be viewed by most people as justified ( duly defending against others ' corruption ) .	0
what are lobbying groups	The difficulty in drawing objective lines between which lobbyists are `` good lobbyists '' and which ones are `` bad ones '' is compounded by the cleverness with which lobbyists or their clients can argue that their own lobbying is of the `` good '' kind .	0
what are lobbying groups	At heart , the effort to influence legislation is a power struggle .	0
what are lobbying groups	As in other forms of power struggle , such as war or law enforcement , motives range from to self-defense to fighting for justice , and the dividing line between predation and justice is subject to rationalization .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The Vietnam War ( ) was a Cold War -era military conflict that occurred in Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia from 1 November 1955 to the fall of Saigon on 30 April 1975 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	This war followed the First Indochina War and was fought between North Vietnam , supported by its communist allies , and the government of South Vietnam , supported by the United States and other anti-communist countries .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The Viet Cong ( also known as the National Liberation Front , or NLF ) , a lightly armed South Vietnamese communist common front directed by the North , largely fought a guerrilla war against anti-communist forces in the region .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The Vietnam People 's Army ( North Vietnamese Army ) engaged in a more conventional war , at times committing large units into battle .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. and South Vietnamese forces relied on air superiority and overwhelming firepower to conduct search and destroy operations , involving ground forces , artillery , and airstrikes .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The U.S. government viewed involvement in the war as a way to prevent a communist takeover of South Vietnam as part of their wider strategy of containment .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The North Vietnamese government and Viet Cong were fighting to reunify Vietnam under communist rule .	0
how did the vietnam war end	They viewed the conflict as a colonial war , fought initially against France , backed by the U.S. , and later against South Vietnam , which it regarded as a U.S. puppet state .	0
how did the vietnam war end	American military advisors arrived in what was then French Indochina beginning in 1950 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. involvement escalated in the early 1960s , with troop levels tripling in 1961 and tripling again in 1962 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. combat units were deployed beginning in 1965 .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Operations spanned international borders , with Laos and Cambodia heavily bombed .	0
how did the vietnam war end	American involvement in the war peaked in 1968 , at the time of the Tet Offensive .	0
how did the vietnam war end	After this , U.S. ground forces were gradually withdrawn as part of a policy known as Vietnamization .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Despite the Paris Peace Accords , signed by all parties in January 1973 , fighting continued .	0
how did the vietnam war end	U.S. military involvement ended on 15 August 1973 as a result of the Case–Church Amendment passed by the U.S. Congress .	0
how did the vietnam war end	The capture of Saigon by the Vietnam People 's Army in April 1975 marked the end of the war , and North and South Vietnam were reunified the following year .	1
how did the vietnam war end	The war exacted a huge human cost in terms of fatalities ( see Vietnam War casualties ) .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Estimates of the number of Vietnamese soldiers and civilians killed vary from 800,000 to 3.1 million .	0
how did the vietnam war end	Some 200,000–300,000 Cambodians , 20,000–200,000 Laotians , and 58,220 U.S. service members also died in the conflict .	0
when was the first super bowl	The Super Bowl is the annual championship game of the National Football League ( NFL ) , the highest level of professional American football in the United States , culminating a season that begins in the late summer of the previous calendar year .	0
when was the first super bowl	The Super Bowl uses Roman numerals to identify each game , rather than the year in which it is held .	0
when was the first super bowl	For example , Super Bowl I was played on January 15 , 1967 , following the 1966 regular season , while Super Bowl XLVII was played on February 3 , 2013 , following the 2012 season .	1
when was the first super bowl	The game was created as part of a merger agreement between the NFL and its then-rival league , the American Football League ( AFL ) .	0
when was the first super bowl	It was agreed that the two leagues ' champion teams would play in an AFL–NFL World Championship Game until the merger was to officially begin in 1970 .	0
when was the first super bowl	After the merger , each league was redesignated as a `` conference `` , and the game was then played between the conference champions .	0
when was the first super bowl	Currently , the National Football Conference ( NFC ) leads the series with 25 wins to 22 wins for the American Football Conference ( AFC ) .	0
when was the first super bowl	The day on which the Super Bowl is played , now considered by some a de facto American national holiday , is called `` Super Bowl Sunday `` .	0
when was the first super bowl	It is the second-largest day for U.S. food consumption , after Thanksgiving Day .	0
when was the first super bowl	In addition , the Super Bowl has frequently been the most watched American television broadcast of the year .	0
when was the first super bowl	Super Bowl XLV , played in 2011 , became the most-watched American television program in history , drawing an average audience of 111 million viewers and taking over the spot held by the previous year 's Super Bowl , which itself had taken over the # 1 spot held for twenty-eight years by the final episode of M*A*S*H .	0
when was the first super bowl	The Super Bowl is also among the most watched sporting events in the world , almost all being North American audiences , and is second to association football ’s UEFA Champions League final as the most watched annual sporting event worldwide .	0
when was the first super bowl	Because of its high viewership , commercial airtime during the Super Bowl broadcast is the most expensive of the year .	0
when was the first super bowl	Due to the high cost of investing in advertising on the Super Bowl , companies regularly develop their most expensive advertisements for this broadcast .	0
when was the first super bowl	As a result , watching and discussing the broadcast 's commercials has become a significant aspect of the event .	0
when was the first super bowl	In addition , many popular singers and musicians have performed during the event 's pre-game and halftime ceremonies because of the exposure .	0
where to buy potato bread made without wheat	Potato bread is a form of bread in which potato replaces a portion of the regular wheat flour .	0
where to buy potato bread made without wheat	It is cooked in a variety of methods , including by baking it on a hot griddle or pan , or in an oven .	0
where to buy potato bread made without wheat	It may be leavened or unleavened , and may have a variety of other ingredients baked into it .	0
where to buy potato bread made without wheat	The ratio of potato to wheat flour varies significantly from recipe to recipe , with some recipes having a majority of potato , and others having a majority of wheat flour .	0
where to buy potato bread made without wheat	Some recipes call for mashed potatoes , with others calling for dehydrated potato flakes .	0
where to buy potato bread made without wheat	It is available as a commercial product in many countries , with similar variations in ingredients , cooking method , and other variables .	1
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	Mahindra Tractor	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	Mahindra Tractors , the farm equipment division of Mahindra & Mahindra , builds and sources tractors that are sold worldwide across six continents .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	Mahindra is also among the top three tractor manufacturers in the world .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	Mahindra has a huge consumer base in India , China and America and a growing base in Australia .	1
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	The company builds more tractors in India than any other manufacturer , and has the capacity to build 150,000 tractors a year .	1
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	In 1963 , M & M formed a joint venture with International Harvester to manufacture tractors carrying the Mahindra nameplate for the Indian market .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	Armed with engineering , tooling and manufacturing know-how gained from this relationship , M & M developed its first tractor , the B-275 .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	Mahindra Tractors with sales of nearly 85,000 units annually is one of the largest tractor companies in the world , and is number one in sales in India - the largest tractor market in the world .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	To expand into the growing tractor market in China , Mahindra acquired majority stake in Jiangling .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	To raise awareness about Mahindra in the US , Mahindra USA announced its new sponsorship in the NASCAR Nationwide Series with R3 Motorsports , which is participating with a # 23 Mahindra Tractors Chevrolet .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	The car will be driven by Robert Richardson , Jr. Mahindra USA , Inc. announced a 17-race primary and 18-race associate sponsorship for the 2009 NASCAR Nationwide Series .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	With this sponsorship , Mahindra was the first Indian company to sponsor a car in NASCAR .	0
Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made	In 2008 , Mahindra was a sponsor of the McDonald Motorsports team which ran the # 81 car in the NASCAR Nationwide Series .	0
who founded walmart	Wal-Mart Stores , Inc. ( ) , branded as Walmart , is an American multinational retail corporation that runs chains of large discount department stores and warehouse stores .	0
who founded walmart	The company is the world 's third largest public corporation , according to the Fortune Global 500 list in 2012 , the biggest private employer in the world with over two million employees , and is the largest retailer in the world .	0
who founded walmart	Walmart remains a family-owned business , as the company is controlled by the Walton family , who own a 48 percent stake in Walmart .	0
who founded walmart	It is also one of the world 's most valuable companies .	0
who founded walmart	The company was founded by Sam Walton in 1962 , incorporated on October 31 , 1969 , and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange in 1972 .	1
who founded walmart	It is headquartered in Bentonville , Arkansas .	0
who founded walmart	Walmart is also the largest grocery retailer in the United States .	0
who founded walmart	In 2009 , it generated 51 percent of its US $ 258 billion sales in the U.S. from grocery business .	0
who founded walmart	It also owns and operates the Sam 's Club retail warehouses in North America .	0
who founded walmart	By 1988 , Wal-Mart was the most profitable retailer in the US , and by November 1990 , it outsold K-mart .	0
who founded walmart	By 1991 it outsold Sears in retail , making it America 's largest retailer , a distinction it still holds .	0
who founded walmart	Walmart has 8,500 stores in 15 countries , under 55 different names .	0
who founded walmart	The company operates under the Walmart name in the United States , including the 50 states and Puerto Rico .	0
who founded walmart	It operates in Mexico as Walmex , in the United Kingdom as Asda , in Japan as Seiyu , and in India as Best Price .	0
who founded walmart	It has wholly owned operations in Argentina , Brazil , and Canada .	0
who founded walmart	Walmart 's investments outside North America have had mixed results : its operations in the United Kingdom , South America , and China are highly successful , whereas ventures in Germany and South Korea were unsuccessful .	0
what is a llc company ?	A limited liability company ( LLC ) is a flexible form of enterprise that blends elements of partnership and corporate structures .	1
what is a llc company ?	Note than an LLC is not a corporation , and calling an LLC a corporation is technically incorrect .	0
what is a llc company ?	An LLC is a legal form of company that provides limited liability to its owners in the vast majority of United States jurisdictions .	1
what is a llc company ?	LLCs do not need to be organized for profit .	0
what county is galveston in texas	Galveston County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area .	1
what county is galveston in texas	As of the 2010 census , the population was 291,309 .	0
what county is galveston in texas	Its county seat is Galveston .	0
what county is galveston in texas	League City is the largest city in Galveston County in terms of population ; URL_http between 2000 and 2005 it surpassed Galveston as the county 's largest city .	0
what county is galveston in texas	Galveston County was founded in 1838 .	0
who wrote the song cocaine	`` Cocaine '' is a song written and recorded by JJ Cale in 1976 , but also known as a cover version recorded by Eric Clapton .	1
who wrote the song cocaine	Allmusic calls the latter `` among [ Clapton 's ] most enduringly popular hits '' and notes that `` even for an artist like Clapton with a huge body of high-quality work , 'Cocaine ' ranks among his best . ''	0
who wrote the song cocaine	Glyn Johns , who had previously worked with The Who , Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones , produced the Clapton recording , which was released on Clapton 's 1977 album Slowhand and as a single in 1980 .	0
who wrote the song cocaine	The live version of `` Cocaine '' , from the Just One Night album recorded in Tokyo , charted on the Billboard Hot 100 as the B-side of `` Tulsa Time `` , which was a No . 30 hit in 1980. ``	0
who wrote the song cocaine	Cocaine '' was one of several of Cale 's songs recorded by Clapton , including `` After Midnight `` and `` Travelin ' Light '' .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	Uncooked Rouladen	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	Rouladen ( or Rinderroulade , singular : roulade ) is a German meat roulade usually consisting of bacon , onions , mustard and pickles wrapped in thinly sliced beef which is then cooked .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	In some countries , the roulade is also known as `` beef olive '' .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	Beef or veal is used as meat though some food scholars tend to believe that the original version was probably venison or pork , and pork is still popular in some areas .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	The beef rouladen as we know them today have become popular over the last century .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	The cut is usually topside beef or silverside since this is the cheaper cut .	1
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	The more expensive version would be the round steak , also known as rump steak .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	The meat is cut into large , thin slices .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	The filling is a mixture of smoked and cooked pork belly , chopped onions and chopped pickles ( gurken ) which is at times varied by adding minced meat , sausage meat , pine nuts and mustard .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	The mixture varies from region to region .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	Rouladen are traditionally served for dinner .	0
what part of beef are rouladen cut from ?	Red wine is often served with this dish .	0
What is Ischemia or infarction ?	Vascular ischemia of the toes with characteristic cyanosis .	1
What is Ischemia or infarction ?	In medicine , ischemia , also spelled as ischaemia or ischæmia , ( ; from Greek language ισχαιμία , ischaimía ; isch- root denoting a restriction or thinning or to make or grow thin/lean , haema blood ) is a restriction in blood supply to tissues , causing a shortage of oxygen and glucose needed for cellular metabolism ( to keep tissue alive ) .	1
What is Ischemia or infarction ?	Ischemia is generally caused by problems with blood vessels , with resultant damage to or dysfunction of tissue .	1
What is Ischemia or infarction ?	It also means local anemia in a given part of a body sometimes resulting from congestion ( such as vasoconstriction , thrombosis or embolism ) .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	Steam is a digital distribution , digital rights management , multiplayer and communications platform developed by Valve Corporation .	1
what is steam by valve corporation	It is used to distribute games and related media online , from small independent developers to larger software houses ; in October 2012 , Valve expanded the service to include non-gaming software .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	Steam provides the user with installation and automatic management of software across multiple computers , community features such as friends lists and groups , cloud saving , and in-game voice and chat functionality .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	The software provides a freely available application programming interface , Steamworks , that developers can take advantage of to integrate many of Steam 's functions within their software products , including copy protection , networking and matchmaking , in-game achievements and micro-transactions , and support for user-created content through Steam Workshop .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	Though initially developed for use on Microsoft Windows , the client has expanded to include OS X and Linux versions , and clients with limited functionality on the PlayStation 3 console and for both iOS and Android mobile devices .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	In addition to being a central hub for gaming software , Valve has created a version of Steam with altered functionality to be used in schools for educational software , including a modified version of Portal 2 for teaching science and critical thinking lessons .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	, there are nearly 2000 games available through Steam , and 54 million active user accounts .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	As of January 2013 , Steam has seen over 6.6 million concurrent players .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	Steam has an estimated 50–70 % share of the digital distribution market for video games .	0
what is steam by valve corporation	The Steam logo is a stylised left-side fly-crank and rod from the Walschaerts valve gear of a steam locomotive .	0
what teams won super bowl	The winning Super Bowl team receives the Vince Lombardi Trophy .	0
what teams won super bowl	The Super Bowl is an annual American football game that determines the champion of the National Football League ( NFL ) .	0
what teams won super bowl	The contest is held in an American city that is chosen three to four years beforehand , usually in warm-weather or domed sites .	0
what teams won super bowl	Since 1971 , the winner of the American Football Conference ( AFC ) Championship Game has faced the winner of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) Championship Game in the culmination of the NFL playoffs .	0
what teams won super bowl	Before the 1970 merger between the American Football League ( AFL ) and the National Football League ( NFL ) , the two leagues met in four such contests .	0
what teams won super bowl	The first two were known as the `` AFL-NFL World Championship Game . ''	0
what teams won super bowl	Super Bowl III in 1969 was the first such game that carried the `` Super Bowl '' moniker , the names `` Super Bowl I `` and `` Super Bowl II `` were retroactively applied to the first two games .	0
what teams won super bowl	The NFC /NFL leads in Super Bowl wins with 25 , while the AFC /AFL has won 22 .	0
what teams won super bowl	Eighteen different franchises , including teams that relocated to another city , have won the Super Bowl .	0
what teams won super bowl	The Pittsburgh Steelers have won the most Super Bowls with six championships ( record 6–2 ) , while both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers have five wins each ( Cowboys 5–3 ; 49ers 5–1 ) .	1
what teams won super bowl	Dallas and Pittsburgh have the most Super Bowl appearances with eight , while the Buffalo Bills have the most consecutive appearances with four losses in a row from 1990 to 1993 .	0
what teams won super bowl	The New England Patriots , Denver Broncos and Minnesota Vikings have also lost a record four Super Bowls .	0
what teams won super bowl	Buffalo and Minnesota are both 0–4 , Denver is 2–4 and New England is 3–4 .	0
what teams won super bowl	The record for consecutive wins is two and is shared by seven franchises : the 1966-67 Green Bay Packers , the 1972-73 Miami Dolphins , the 1974-75 and 1978-79 Pittsburgh Steelers ( the only team to accomplish this feat twice ) , the 1988-89 San Francisco 49ers , the 1992-93 Dallas Cowboys , the 1997-98 Denver Broncos , and the 2003-04 New England Patriots .	0
what teams won super bowl	The only team with multiple Super Bowl appearances and no losses is the Baltimore Ravens , who in winning Super Bowl XLVII unseated and replaced the 49ers in that position .	0
what teams won super bowl	Four current NFL teams have never appeared in a Super Bowl , including franchise relocations and renaming : the Cleveland Browns , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , and Houston Texans , though both the Browns and Lions had won NFL Championship games prior to the creation of the Super Bowl .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	The Mount Rushmore National Memorial is a sculpture carved into the granite face of Mount Rushmore near Keystone , South Dakota , in the United States .	1
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	Sculpted by Danish-American Gutzon Borglum and his son , Lincoln Borglum , Mount Rushmore features sculptures of the heads of four United States presidents : George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	The entire memorial covers and is above sea level .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	The tallest mountain in the region is Harney Peak ( ) .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	South Dakota historian Doane Robinson is credited with conceiving the idea of carving the likenesses of famous people into the Black Hills region of South Dakota in order to promote tourism in the region .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	Robinson 's initial idea was to sculpt the Needles ; however , Gutzon Borglum rejected the Needles site because of the poor quality of the granite and strong opposition from environmentalists and Native American groups .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	They settled on the Mount Rushmore location , which also has the advantage of facing southeast for maximum sun exposure .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	Robinson wanted it to feature western heroes like Lewis and Clark , Red Cloud and Buffalo Bill Cody but Borglum decided the sculpture should have a more national focus , and chose the four presidents whose likenesses would be carved into the mountain .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	After securing federal funding , construction on the memorial began in 1927 , and the presidents ' faces were completed between 1934 and 1939 .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	Upon Gutzon Borglum 's death in March 1941 , his son Lincoln Borglum took over construction .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	Although the initial concept called for each president to be depicted from head to waist , lack of funding forced construction to end in late October 1941 .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	The U.S. National Park Service took control of the memorial in 1933 , while it was still under construction , and has managed the memorial to the present day .	0
what is it like at mount rushmore ?	It attracts nearly three million people annually .	0
where is rolling rock brewed	Rolling Rock is a 4.6 % abv pale lager launched in 1939 by the Latrobe Brewing Company .	0
where is rolling rock brewed	Although founded as a local beer in Western Pennsylvania , it was marketed aggressively and eventually became a national product .	0
where is rolling rock brewed	The brand was sold to Anheuser-Busch of St. Louis , Missouri , in mid 2006 , which transferred brewing operations to New Jersey .	1
what is high sticking in hockey	A referee calling a high-sticking penaltyHigh	0
what is high sticking in hockey	-sticking is the name of two infractions in the sport of ice hockey that may occur when a player intentionally or inadvertently plays with his or her stick above the height of the shoulders or above the cross bar of a hockey goal .	1
what is high sticking in hockey	This can result in a stoppage of play or in a penalty .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	In the rules of the National Hockey League , high-sticking is defined as a penalty in Rule 60 and as a non-penalty foul in Rule 80 .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	A stoppage in play results if a high stick comes in contact with the puck and the team who touched it regains control of the puck .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	However , play usually continues if a player touches the puck with a high stick and the opposing team gains control of the puck .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	If the puck goes into the opposing net after coming into contact with a high stick , the goal is disallowed .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	The level at which a stick is considered too high for a goal is the crossbar of the net .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	However , if a player knocks the puck into his own net with a high stick , the goal is allowed .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	A penalty is assessed if a player strikes another player with a high stick .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	The player is given a minor penalty unless his high stick caused an injury , in which case the referee has the option to assess a double-minor , major or match penalty .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	It is the referee 's discretion which penalty to assess : the rule calls for a double minor for an accidental injury , or a match penalty for a deliberate attempt to injure ( whether the opposition player was actually injured ) .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	Injury is usually decided by the high stick causing bleeding , but the presence of blood does not automatically mean an extra penalty is awarded .	0
what is high sticking in hockey	Some referees have been known to award an extra penalty without the presence of blood if the referee determines that the injury sustained was sufficient to warrant a double-minor penalty .	0
what are american people of japanese descent called	are American people of Japanese heritage .	1
what are american people of japanese descent called	Japanese Americans have historically been among the three largest Asian American communities , but in recent decades , it has become the sixth largest group at roughly 1,304,286 , including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity .	1
what are american people of japanese descent called	In the 2010 census , the largest Japanese American communities were found in California with 272,528 , Hawaii with 185,502 , New York with 37,780 , Washington with 35,008 , and Illinois with 17,542 .	0
what are american people of japanese descent called	Southern California has the largest Japanese-American population in North America .	0
who sung the banana boat song	`` Day-O ( The Banana Boat Song ) '' is a traditional Jamaican mento folk song , the best-known version of which was sung by Harry Belafonte and an alternate version interspersed with another Jamaican folksong , Hill and Gully Rider , by Dame Shirley Bassey .	1
who sung the banana boat song	Despite the song 's mento influences , `` Day-O ( The Banana Boat Song ) '' is widely known as an example of calypso music .	0
who sung the banana boat song	It is a work song , from the point of view of dock workers working the night shift loading bananas onto ships .	0
who sung the banana boat song	Daylight has come , the shift is over and they want their work to be counted up so that they can go home .	0
what is the name of mountains along california	The Coast Ranges of California span from Humboldt County , California south to Santa Barbara County .	0
what is the name of mountains along california	The other three coastal California mountain ranges are the Transverse Ranges , Peninsular Ranges and the Klamath Mountains .	1
what is the name of mountains along california	Physiographically , they are a section of the larger Pacific Border province , which in turn are part of the larger Pacific Mountain System physiographic division .	0
what is the name of mountains along california	UNESCO has included the `` California Coast Ranges Biosphere Reserve `` in its Man and the Biosphere Programme of World Network of Biosphere Reserves since 1983 .	0
how does weather happen	Thunderstorm near Garajau , Madeira	0
how does weather happen	Weather is the state of the atmosphere , to the degree that it is hot or cold , wet or dry , calm or stormy , clear or cloudy .	0
how does weather happen	Most weather phenomena occur in the troposphere , just below the stratosphere .	0
how does weather happen	Weather generally refers to day-to-day temperature and precipitation activity , whereas climate is the term for the average atmospheric conditions over longer periods of time .	0
how does weather happen	When used without qualification , `` weather '' is understood to be the weather of Earth .	0
how does weather happen	Weather is driven by air pressure ( temperature and moisture ) differences between one place and another .	1
how does weather happen	These pressure and temperature differences can occur due to the sun angle at any particular spot , which varies by latitude from the tropics .	0
how does weather happen	The strong temperature contrast between polar and tropical air gives rise to the jet stream .	0
how does weather happen	Weather systems in the mid-latitudes , such as extratropical cyclones , are caused by instabilities of the jet stream flow .	0
how does weather happen	Because the Earth 's axis is tilted relative to its orbital plane , sunlight is incident at different angles at different times of the year .	0
how does weather happen	On Earth 's surface , temperatures usually range ±40 °C ( −40 °F to 100 °F ) annually .	0
how does weather happen	Over thousands of years , changes in Earth 's orbit affect the amount and distribution of solar energy received by the Earth and influence long-term climate and global climate change .	0
how does weather happen	Surface temperature differences in turn cause pressure differences .	0
how does weather happen	Higher altitudes are cooler than lower altitudes due to differences in compressional heating .	0
how does weather happen	Weather forecasting is the application of science and technology to predict the state of the atmosphere for a future time and a given location .	0
how does weather happen	The atmosphere is a chaotic system , so small changes to one part of the system can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole .	0
how does weather happen	Human attempts to control the weather have occurred throughout human history , and there is evidence that human activity such as agriculture and industry has inadvertently modified weather patterns .	0
how does weather happen	Studying how the weather works on other planets has been helpful in understanding how weather works on Earth .	0
how does weather happen	A famous landmark in the Solar System , Jupiter 's Great Red Spot , is an anticyclonic storm known to have existed for at least 300 years .	0
how does weather happen	However , weather is not limited to planetary bodies .	0
how does weather happen	A star 's corona is constantly being lost to space , creating what is essentially a very thin atmosphere throughout the Solar System .	0
how does weather happen	The movement of mass ejected from the Sun is known as the solar wind .	0
how many presidents of the us	The White House , the president 's official residence and center of the administration	0
how many presidents of the us	Under the United States Constitution , the President of the United States is the head of state and head of government of the United States .	0
how many presidents of the us	As chief of the executive branch and head of the federal government as a whole , the presidency is the highest political office in the United States by influence and recognition .	0
how many presidents of the us	The president is also the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces .	0
how many presidents of the us	The president is indirectly elected to a four-year term by an Electoral College ( or by the House of Representatives should the Electoral College fail to award an absolute majority of votes to any person ) .	0
how many presidents of the us	Since the ratification of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1951 , no person may be elected President more than twice , and no one who has served more than two years of a term to which someone else was elected may be elected more than once .	0
how many presidents of the us	Upon the death , resignation , or removal from office of an incumbent President , the Vice President assumes the office .	0
how many presidents of the us	The President must be at least 35 years of age and a `` natural born '' citizen of the United States .	0
how many presidents of the us	This list includes only those persons who were sworn into office as president following the ratification of the United States Constitution , which took effect on March 4 , 1789 .	0
how many presidents of the us	For American leaders before this ratification , see President of the Continental Congress .	0
how many presidents of the us	The list does not include any Acting Presidents under the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution .	0
how many presidents of the us	There have been 43 people sworn into office , and 44 presidencies , as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president .	1
how many presidents of the us	Of the individuals elected as president , four died in office of natural causes ( William Henry Harrison , Zachary Taylor , Warren G. Harding , and Franklin D. Roosevelt ) , four were assassinated ( Abraham Lincoln , James A. Garfield , William McKinley , and John F. Kennedy ) and one resigned ( Richard Nixon ) .	0
how many presidents of the us	George Washington , the first president , was inaugurated in 1789 after a unanimous vote of the Electoral College .	0
how many presidents of the us	William Henry Harrison spent the shortest time in office with 32 days in 1841 , and Franklin D. Roosevelt spent the longest with over twelve years , but died shortly into his fourth term in 1945 .	0
how many presidents of the us	He is the only president to serve more than two terms , and a constitutional amendment , affecting presidents after Harry Truman , was passed to limit the number of times an individual can be elected president .	0
how many presidents of the us	Andrew Jackson , the seventh president , was the first to be elected by men of all classes in 1828 after most laws barring non-land-owners from voting were repealed .	0
how many presidents of the us	Warren Harding was the first elected after women gained voting rights in 1920 .	0
how many presidents of the us	History records four presidents – John Q Adams , Rutherford B. Hayes , Benjamin Harrison and George W. Bush – who lost the popular vote but assumed office .	0
how many presidents of the us	John F. Kennedy has been the only president of Roman Catholic faith , and the current president , Barack Obama , is the first president of African descent .	0
where do mangos come from	The mango is a fleshy stone fruit belonging to the genus Mangifera , consisting of numerous tropical fruiting trees in the flowering plant family Anacardiaceae .	0
where do mangos come from	The mango is native to South Asia , from where it has been distributed worldwide to become one of the most cultivated fruits in the tropics .	1
where do mangos come from	While other Mangifera species ( e.g . horse mango , M. foetida ) are also grown on a more localized basis , Mangifera indica – the 'common mango ' or 'Indian mango ' – is the only mango tree commonly cultivated in many tropical and subtropical regions .	0
where do mangos come from	It is the national fruit of India , Pakistan and Philippines .	0
where do mangos come from	In several cultures , its fruit and leaves are ritually used as floral decorations at weddings , public celebrations and religious ceremonies .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The atomic bombings of the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan were conducted by the United States during the final stages of World War II in 1945 .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The two events are the only use of nuclear weapons in war to date .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	Following a firebombing campaign that destroyed many Japanese cities , the Allies prepared for a costly invasion of Japan .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The war in Europe ended when Nazi Germany signed its instrument of surrender on 8 May , but the Pacific War continued .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	Together with the United Kingdom and the Republic of China , the United States called for a surrender of Japan in the Potsdam Declaration on 26 July 1945 , threatening Japan with `` prompt and utter destruction '' .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The Japanese government ignored this ultimatum , and the United States deployed two nuclear weapons developed by the Manhattan Project .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	American airmen dropped Little Boy on the city of Hiroshima on 6 August 1945 , followed by Fat Man over Nagasaki on 9 August .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	Within the first two to four months of the bombings , the acute effects killed 90,000–166,000 people in Hiroshima and 60,000–80,000 in Nagasaki , with roughly half of the deaths in each city occurring on the first day .	1
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The Hiroshima prefecture health department estimated that , of the people who died on the day of the explosion , 60 % died from flash or flame burns , 30 % from falling debris and 10 % from other causes .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	During the following months , large numbers died from the effect of burns , radiation sickness , and other injuries , compounded by illness .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	In a US estimate of the total immediate and short term cause of death , 15–20 % died from radiation sickness , 20–30 % from burns , and 50–60 % from other injuries , compounded by illness .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	In both cities , most of the dead were civilians , although Hiroshima had a sizeable garrison .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	On 15 August , six days after the bombing of Nagasaki , Japan announced its surrender to the Allies , signing the Instrument of Surrender on 2 September , officially ending World War II .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The bombings led , in part , to post-war Japan 's adopting Three Non-Nuclear Principles , forbidding the nation from nuclear armament .	0
how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki	The role of the bombings in Japan 's surrender and their ethical justification are still debated .	0
what is section eight housing	Section 8 housing in the South Bronx	0
what is section eight housing	Section 8 of the Housing Act of 1937 ( ) , often simply known as Section 8 , as repeatedly amended , authorizes the payment of rental housing assistance to private landlords on behalf of approximately 3.1 million low-income households .	1
what is section eight housing	It operates through several programs , the largest of which , the Housing Choice Voucher program , pays a large portion of the rents and utilities of about 2.1 million households .	1
what is section eight housing	The US Department of Housing and Urban Development manages the Section 8 programs .	0
what is section eight housing	The Housing Choice Voucher Program provides `` tenant-based '' rental assistance , so a tenant can move from one unit of at least minimum housing quality to another .	0
what is section eight housing	It also allows individuals to apply their monthly voucher towards the purchase of a home , with over $ 17 billion going towards such purchases each year ( from ncsha.org analysis ) .	0
what is section eight housing	The maximum allowed voucher is $ 2200 a month .	0
what is section eight housing	Section 8 also authorizes a variety of `` project-based '' rental assistance programs , under which the owner reserves some or all of the units in a building for low-income tenants , in return for a Federal government guarantee to make up the difference between the tenant 's contribution and the rent for 1 cent in the owner 's contract with the government .	0
what is section eight housing	A tenant who leaves a subsidized project will lose access to the project-based subsidy .	0
what is section eight housing	The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and United States Department of Veterans Affairs have a special Section 8 program called VASH ( Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing ) , or HUD-VASH , which gives out a certain number of Section 8 vouchers to eligible homeless and otherwise vulnerable US armed forces veterans .	0
how many stripes on the flag	The national flag of the United States of America , often simply referred to as the American flag , consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the `` union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .	0
how many stripes on the flag	The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union .	1
how many stripes on the flag	Nicknames for the flag include the `` Stars and Stripes '' , `` Old Glory `` , and `` The Star-Spangled Banner . ''	0
where was the fugitive slave law made	An April 24 , 1851 poster warning the `` colored people of Boston '' about policemen acting as slave catchers .	0
where was the fugitive slave law made	The Fugitive Slave Law or Fugitive Slave Act was passed by the United States Congress on September 18 , 1850 , as part of the Compromise of 1850 between Southern slave-holding interests and Northern Free-Soilers .	1
where was the fugitive slave law made	This was one of the most controversial acts of the 1850 compromise and heightened Northern fears of a `` slave power conspiracy '' .	0
where was the fugitive slave law made	It declared that all runaway slaves were , upon capture , to be returned to their masters .	0
where was the fugitive slave law made	Abolitionists nicknamed it the `` Bloodhound Law '' for the dogs that were used to track down runaway slaves .	0
what is a mms message	A multimedia message on a mobile phone .	0
what is a mms message	Multimedia Messaging Service ( MMS ) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones .	1
what is a mms message	It extends the core SMS ( Short Message Service ) capability that allowed exchange of text messages only up to 160 characters in length .	0
what is a mms message	The most popular use is to send photographs from camera-equipped handsets , although it is also popular as a method of delivering news and entertainment content including videos , pictures , text pages and ringtones .	0
what is a mms message	The standard is developed by the Open Mobile Alliance ( OMA ) , although during development it was part of the 3GPP and WAP groups .	0
Who invented egg rolls	Egg roll is a term used for many different foods around the world .	0
Who invented egg rolls	2__Egg_roll __ Varieties of egg rolls are found in mainland China , many Chinese-speaking regions of Asia , and Chinese immigrant communities around the world .	1
Who invented egg rolls	Egg rolls as referred to in China .	0
Who invented egg rolls	In Guangdong and Hong Kong , egg roll usually refers to biscuit roll .	0
Who invented egg rolls	This is a type of biscuit .	0
Who invented egg rolls	The ingredient included egg , flour and sugar .	0
Who invented egg rolls	Egg roll also is a dish in Canton and Hong Kong , this is usually made with vegetable .	0
Who invented egg rolls	Within China egg rolls are eaten predominantly in the southeast and are not as commonly consumed in the north and western parts of China .	0
Who invented egg rolls	In American Chinese cuisine , an egg roll is a savory dish typically served as an appetizer .	0
Who invented egg rolls	It is usually stuffed with chicken , pork or shrimp , cabbage , carrots , tomatoes , bean sprouts and other vegetables , and then deep fried .	0
Who invented egg rolls	This variety of the egg roll is very common and popular , across even regional varieties of American Chinese food , and is often included as part of a `` combination platter '' .	0
Who invented egg rolls	In Montreal , Canada , open-ended eggrolls are a Jewish-Chinese fusion dish .	0
Who invented egg rolls	They can be either kosher certified or merely kosher style .	0
what is a roll play games	A role-playing game ( RPG and sometimes roleplaying game ) is a game in which players assume the roles of characters in a fictional setting .	1
what is a roll play games	Players take responsibility for acting out these roles within a narrative , either through literal acting or through a process of structured decision-making or character development .	0
what is a roll play games	Actions taken within many games succeed or fail according to a formal system of rules and guidelines .	0
what is a roll play games	There are several forms of RPG .	0
what is a roll play games	The original form , sometimes called the tabletop RPG , is conducted through discussion , whereas in live action role-playing games ( LARP ) players physically perform their characters ' actions .	0
what is a roll play games	In both of these forms , an arranger called a game master ( GM ) usually decides on the rules and setting to be used and acts as referee , while each of the other players plays the role of a single character .	0
what is a roll play games	Several varieties of RPG also exist in electronic media , such as multi-player text-based MUDs and their graphics-based successors , massively multiplayer online role-playing games ( MMORPGs ) .	0
what is a roll play games	Role-playing games also include single-player offline role-playing video games in which players control a character or team who undertake quests , and may include capabilities that advance using statistical mechanics .	0
what is a roll play games	These games often share settings and rules with tabletop RPGs , but emphasize character advancement more than collaborative storytelling .	0
what is a roll play games	Despite this variety of forms , some game forms such as trading card games and wargames that are related to role-playing games may not be included .	0
what is a roll play games	Role-playing activity may sometimes be present in such games , but it is not the primary focus .	0
what is a roll play games	The term is also sometimes used to describe roleplay simulation games and exercises used in teaching , training , and academic research .	0
who is director jack smight	Jack Smight ( March 9 , 1925 - September 1 , 2003 ) was an American theatre and film director .	1
who is director jack smight	Smight was born in Minneapolis , Minnesota and went to school with future actor Peter Graves .	0
who is director jack smight	His film credits include The Traveling Executioner , Rabbit , Run , Loving Couples , Midway , Harper , Airport 1975 , Damnation Alley and the Emmy Award -winning Eddie , as well as many episodes of television series such as The Twilight Zone and The Alfred Hitchcock Hour .	0
who is director jack smight	He also directed the 1960 Broadway play The 49th Cousin and composed the music for the film adaption of Roll of Thunder Hear My Cry .	0
who is director jack smight	Smight died from cancer in Los Angeles , California .	0
What a Margarita contains	The margarita is a Mexican cocktail consisting of tequila mixed with Cointreau or similar orange -flavoured liqueur and lime or lemon juice , often served with salt on the glass rim .	1
What a Margarita contains	It is the most common tequila-based cocktail in the United States .	0
What a Margarita contains	The drink is served shaken with ice ( on the rocks ) , blended with ice ( frozen margarita ) , or without ice ( straight up ) .	0
when was jacques cousteau born	Jacques-Yves Cousteau ( ; commonly known in English as Jacques Cousteau ; 11 June 1910 – 25 June 1997 ) was a French naval officer , explorer , conservationist , filmmaker , innovator , scientist , photographer , author and researcher who studied the sea and all forms of life in water .	1
when was jacques cousteau born	He co-developed the Aqua-Lung , pioneered marine conservation and was a member of the Académie française .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	Sample of a Medallion signature guarantee stampIn	0
what is a medallion guarantee	the United States and Canada , a medallion signature guarantee is a special signature guarantee for the transfer of securities .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	It is a guarantee by the transferring financial institution that the signature is genuine and the financial institution accepts liability for any forgery .	1
what is a medallion guarantee	Signature guarantees protect shareholders by preventing unauthorized transfers and possible investor losses .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	They also limit the liability of the transfer agent who accepts the certificates .	1
what is a medallion guarantee	Different institutions have different policies as to what type of identification they require to provide the guarantee and whether they charge a fee for such service ( usually nominal if any ) .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	Most institutions will not guarantee a signature of someone who has not already been their customer .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	A medallion signature guarantee is not the same as an acknowledgment by a notary public , in the sense that a `` signature guarantee '' is a certification by the institution that the signature is authentic , and an acknowledgment is a certification by a notary public attesting that the signer signed a document voluntarily .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	Some banks may no longer provide this service , however , many still do as well as other financial institutions such as a Savings and Loans and Credit Unions .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	At their sole discretion , these institutions may still decline to provide the Medallion Signature Guarantees .	0
what is a medallion guarantee	When US citizens are abroad , some financial institutions may accept United States Embassy Seals , in place of the Medallion Signature Guarantee Stamp .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	This tablespoon has a capacity of about 15 mL .	1
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	Measuring Spoons	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the US and parts of Canada , a tablespoon is the largest type of spoon used for eating from a bowl .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the UK , Europe and most Commonwealth countries , a tablespoon is a type of large spoon usually used for serving .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In countries where a tablespoon is a serving spoon , the nearest equivalent to the US tablespoon is either the dessert spoon or the soup spoon .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	A tablespoonful , nominally the capacity of one tablespoon , is commonly used as a measure of volume in cooking .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	It is abbreviated as T , tb , tbs , tbsp , tblsp , or tblspn .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	The capacity of ordinary tablespoons is not regulated by law and is subject to considerable variation .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the USA one tablespoon ( measurement unit ) is approximately 15 mL ; the capacity of an actual tablespoon ( dining utensil ) ranges from 7 mL to 14 mL .	1
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In Australia one tablespoon ( measurement unit ) is 20 mL .	1
When was Apple Computer founded	Apple Inc. , formerly Apple Computer , Inc. , is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software and personal computers .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	Its best-known hardware products are the Mac line of computers , the iPod music player , the iPhone smartphone , and the iPad tablet computer .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	Its software includes the OS X and iOS operating systems , the iTunes media browser , the Safari web browser , and the iLife and iWork creativity and production suites .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	The company was founded on April 1 , 1976 , and incorporated as Apple Computer , Inc. on January 3 , 1977 .	1
When was Apple Computer founded	The word `` Computer '' was removed from its name on January 9 , 2007 , reflecting its shifted focus towards consumer electronics after the introduction of the iPhone .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	Apple is the world 's second-largest information technology company by revenue after Samsung Electronics , and the world 's third-largest mobile phone maker after Samsung and Nokia .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	Fortune magazine named Apple the most admired company in the United States in 2008 , and in the world from 2008 to 2012 .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	However , the company has received criticism for its contractors ' labor practices , and for Apple 's own environmental and business practices .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	, Apple maintains 394 retail stores in fourteen countries as well as the online Apple Store and iTunes Store .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	It is the second-largest publicly traded corporation in the world by market capitalization , with an estimated value of US $ 414 billion as of January 2013 .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	, the company had 72,800 permanent full-time employees and 3,300 temporary full-time employees worldwide .	0
When was Apple Computer founded	Its worldwide annual revenue in 2012 totalled $ 156 billion .	0
when was the internet started	The history of the Internet began with the development of electronic computers in the 1950s .	1
when was the internet started	The public was first introduced to the concepts that would lead to the Internet when a message was sent over the ARPANet from computer science Professor Leonard Kleinrock 's laboratory at University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , after the second piece of network equipment was installed at Stanford Research Institute ( SRI ) .	0
when was the internet started	Packet switched networks such as ARPANET , Mark I at NPL in the UK , CYCLADES , Merit Network , Tymnet , and Telenet , were developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s using a variety of protocols .	0
when was the internet started	The ARPANET in particular led to the development of protocols for internetworking , in which multiple separate networks could be joined together into a network of networks .	0
when was the internet started	In 1982 , the Internet protocol suite ( TCP/IP ) was standardized , and consequently , the concept of a world-wide network of interconnected TCP/IP networks , called the Internet , was introduced .	0
when was the internet started	Access to the ARPANET was expanded in 1981 when the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) developed the Computer Science Network ( CSNET ) and again in 1986 when NSFNET provided access to supercomputer sites in the United States from research and education organizations .	0
when was the internet started	Commercial Internet service providers ( ISPs ) began to emerge in the late 1980s and early 1990s .	0
when was the internet started	The ARPANET was decommissioned in 1990 .	0
when was the internet started	The Internet was commercialized in 1995 when NSFNET was decommissioned , removing the last restrictions on the use of the Internet to carry commercial traffic .	0
when was the internet started	Since the mid-1990s , the Internet has had a revolutionary impact on culture and commerce , including the rise of near-instant communication by electronic mail , instant messaging , Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) `` phone calls '' , two-way interactive video calls , and the World Wide Web with its discussion forums , blogs , social networking , and online shopping sites .	0
when was the internet started	The research and education community continues to develop and use advanced networks such as NSF 's very high speed Backbone Network Service ( vBNS ) , Internet2 , and National LambdaRail .	0
when was the internet started	Increasing amounts of data are transmitted at higher and higher speeds over fiber optic networks operating at 1-Gbit/s , 10-Gbit/s , or more .	0
when was the internet started	The Internet 's takeover over the global communication landscape was almost instant in historical terms : it only communicated 1 % of the information flowing through two-way telecommunications networks in the year 1993 , already 51 % by 2000 , and more than 97 % of the telecommunicated information by 2007 .	0
when was the internet started	Today the Internet continues to grow , driven by ever greater amounts of online information , commerce , entertainment , and social networking .	0
Who is General Grievous of Star Wars	General Grievous is a fictional character in the Star Wars universe .	0
Who is General Grievous of Star Wars	A recurring antagonist , he is the Supreme Commander of the Confederacy of Independent Systems , a political faction of planetary systems waging war on the Galactic Republic .	1
Who is General Grievous of Star Wars	Trained in all seven forms of lightsaber combat by Count Dooku , he is a ruthless and powerful warrior devoted to Jedi 's destruction during the Clone Wars .	0
Who is General Grievous of Star Wars	His acts of wanton aggression and high Jedi body count would prompt the galaxy to give him the nickname the Knightslayer .	0
Who is General Grievous of Star Wars	Though the notorious Jedi slayer was the being in the galaxy during the Clone Wars who had killed the most Jedi in single combat , he did not hesitate to flee from battles he knew he would lose .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Daniel Radcliffe , who portrays Harry Potter , has been the icon of the film series since the release of the first film in 2001 .	1
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Some of the most renowned actors of the United Kingdom and Ireland have voiced or portrayed characters appearing in the Harry Potter film series based on the book series by J. K. Rowling .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint and Emma Watson have played Harry Potter , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger in all the films .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	When they were cast only Radcliffe had previously acted in a film .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Complementing them on screen are such actors as Helena Bonham Carter , Jim Broadbent , John Cleese , Robbie Coltrane , Warwick Davis , Ralph Fiennes , Michael Gambon , Brendan Gleeson , Richard Griffiths , Richard Harris , John Hurt , Jason Isaacs , Miriam Margolyes , Helen McCrory , Gary Oldman , Alan Rickman , Fiona Shaw , Maggie Smith , Timothy Spall , Imelda Staunton , David Thewlis , Emma Thompson , and Julie Walters , among others .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Thirteen actors have appeared as the same character in all eight films of the franchise .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Some well-known British actors who have not appeared in the series , are asked in jest why they have not been cast .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	When David Yates was directing the fifth film , Bill Nighy , who had previously collaborated with Yates on three of his television projects , said that he joked with Yates that maybe now he would n't be the only actor in England who had n't been in Harry Potter .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	`` But nobody called '' , Nighy added .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	But in 2009 , Yates cast Nighy as Minister of Magic Rufus Scrimgeour in Deathly Hallows .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Nighy said , `` I am no longer the only English actor not to be in Harry Potter and I am very pleased . ''	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Jude Law has quipped , `` Nobody 's asked me .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	I was a bit too old for Harry '' .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	When a reporter compared potions professor Horace Slughorn 's obsession with famous names to the series ' connection to `` every notable British actor , '' Jim Broadbent , who plays Slughorn said , `` Well , not every actor gets invited .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	I know some who are still waiting . ''	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	With the exception of Chris Columbus , each director has had a cameo appearance in his respective film : Alfonso Cuarón appears as a wizard holding a candle during a scene at The Three Broomsticks in Prisoner of Azkaban ; Mike Newell is heard briefly as the radio presenter in Frank Bryce 's house in Goblet of Fire ; and David Yates features as a wizard within a magical moving portrait in Order of the Phoenix .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Producer David Heyman also makes a cameo appearance as a wizard featured within a magical moving portrait in the third film , Prisoner of Azkaban .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	J. K. Rowling gave a speech during the world premiere of the final film in the series— Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 —on 7 July 2011 in London , England .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	She announced that she could never have dreamt of the talented actors and actresses who have appeared in all the Harry Potter movies .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Rowling also announced that there are seven Harry Potter film series cast members , who she refers to as `` The Big Seven '' , they are Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint , Emma Watson , Tom Felton , Matthew Lewis , Evanna Lynch and Bonnie Wright .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	The list below is sorted by film and character , as some characters have been portrayed by multiple actors .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	Key	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	( v ) indicates the actor or actress lent only his or her voice for his or her film character	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	( y ) indicates the actor or actress portrayed the role in a flashback scene or when the character was young .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	( f ) indicates the actor or actress did not appear in any new footage for the film ; footage from an earlier film or films was used .	0
who is the actor that plays harry potter	A light grey cell ( such as the one in the `` Charity Burbage '' row in the `` Philosopher 's Stone '' column ) indicates the character was not in the film adaptation .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	President Franklin D. Roosevelt signs the Lend-Lease bill to give aid to Britain and China ( 1941 )	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	The Lend Lease act was an act where the United States had supported its allies .	1
what was the cash and carry lend lease	Lend-Lease ( ) was the law that started a program under which the United States of America supplied the United Kingdom , the USSR , Republic of China , Free France , and other Allied nations with materiel between 1941 and 1945 .	1
what was the cash and carry lend lease	It was signed into law on March 11 , 1941 , a year and a half after the outbreak of World War II in Europe in September 1939 .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	This was nine months before the U.S. entered the war in December 1941 .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	Formally titled An Act to Further Promote the Defense of the United States , the Act effectively ended the United States ' pretense of neutrality .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	A total of $ 50 .1 billion ( equivalent to $ today ) worth of supplies were shipped : $ 31.4 billion to Britain , $ 11.3 billion to the Soviet Union , $ 3.2 billion to France , $ 1.6 billion to China , and smaller sums to other Allies .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	Reverse Lend-Lease comprised services such as rent on air bases that went to the U.S. , and totaled $ 7.8 billion ; of this , $ 6.8 billion came from the British and the Commonwealth .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	The terms of the agreement provided that the materiel was to be used until time for their return or destruction .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	Supplies after the termination date were sold to Britain at a large discount for £1 .075 billion using long-term loans from the United States .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	Canada operated a similar program that sent $ 4.7 billion in supplies to the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	The United States did not charge for aid supplied under this legislation .	0
what was the cash and carry lend lease	This program was a decisive step away from non-interventionist policy , which had dominated United States foreign relations since the end of World War I , towards international involvement .	0
what domain is eu	.eu is the country code top-level domain ( ccTLD ) for the European Union ( EU ) .	1
what domain is eu	Launched on 7 December 2005 , the domain is available for organisations in and residents of EU member states .	0
what domain is eu	The TLD is administered by EURid , a consortium originally consisting of the national ccTLD registry operators of Belgium , Sweden , and Italy , joined later by the national registry operator of the Czech Republic .	0
what domain is eu	Trademark owners were able to submit registrations through a sunrise period , in an effort to prevent cybersquatting .	0
what domain is eu	Full registration started on 7 April 2006 .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Smallpox was an infectious disease unique to humans , caused by either of two virus variants , Variola major and Variola minor .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	The disease is also known by the Latin names Variola or Variola vera , derived from varius ( `` spotted '' ) or varus ( `` pimple '' ) .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	The disease was originally known in English as the `` pox '' or `` red plague '' ; the term `` smallpox '' was first used in Britain in the 15th century to distinguish variola from the `` great pox '' ( syphilis ) .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	The last naturally occurring case of smallpox ( Variola minor ) was diagnosed on 26 October 1977 .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Smallpox localized in small blood vessels of the skin and in the mouth and throat .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	In the skin it resulted in a characteristic maculopapular rash and , later , raised fluid-filled blisters .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	V. major produces a more serious disease and has an overall mortality rate of 30–35 % .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	V. minor causes a milder form of disease ( also known as alastrim , cottonpox , milkpox , whitepox , and Cuban itch ) which kills about 1 % of its victims .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Long-term complications of V. major infection include characteristic scars , commonly on the face , which occur in 65–85 % of survivors .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Blindness resulting from corneal ulceration and scarring , and limb deformities due to arthritis and osteomyelitis are less common complications , seen in about 2–5 % of cases .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Smallpox is believed to have emerged in human populations about 10,000 BC .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	The earliest physical evidence of it is probably the pustular rash on the mummified body of Pharaoh Ramses V of Egypt .	1
where in the world are smallpox common	The disease killed an estimated 400,000 Europeans annually during the closing years of the 18th century ( including five reigning monarchs ) , and was responsible for a third of all blindness .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Of all those infected , 20–60 % —and over 80 % of infected children—died from the disease .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Smallpox was responsible for an estimated 300–500 million deaths during the 20th century .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	As recently as 1967 , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) estimated that 15 million people contracted the disease and that two million died in that year .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	After vaccination campaigns throughout the 19th and 20th centuries , the WHO certified the eradication of smallpox in 1979 .	0
where in the world are smallpox common	Smallpox is one of two infectious diseases to have been eradicated , the other being rinderpest , which was declared eradicated in 2011 .	0
when did classification of races begin	Race is a classification system used to categorize humans into large and distinct populations or groups by anatomical , cultural , ethnic , genetic , geographical , historical , linguistic , religious , or social affiliation .	0
when did classification of races begin	First used to denote national affiliations , the term began to be used to relate to physical traits in the 17th century .	1
when did classification of races begin	In the early 20th century the term was often used , in a taxonomic sense , to denote genetically differentiated human populations defined by phenotype .	0
when did classification of races begin	While biologists sometimes use the concept of race to make distinctions among fuzzy sets of traits , others in the scientific community suggest that the idea of race often is used in a naive or simplistic way , i.e . that among humans , race has no taxonomic significance : all living humans belong to the same species , Homo sapiens and subspecies , Homo sapiens sapiens .	0
when did classification of races begin	Social conceptions and groupings of races vary over time , involving folk taxonomies	0
when did classification of races begin	that define of individuals based on perceived traits .	0
when did classification of races begin	Scientists consider biological essentialism obsolete , and generally discourage racial explanations for collective differentiation in both physical and behavioral traits .	0
when did classification of races begin	Since the second half of the 20th century the associations of race with the ideologies and theories that grew out of the work of 19th-century anthropologists and physiologists has led to the use of the word race itself becoming problematic .	0
when did classification of races begin	Although still used in general contexts , it is now often replaced by other words which are less ambiguous and emotionally charged , such as populations , people ( s ) , ethnic groups or communities depending on context .	0
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	`` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' is a song by the English rock band the Beatles .	0
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney , and recorded in October 1963 , it was the first Beatles record to be made using four-track equipment .	1
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	With advance orders exceeding one million copies in the United Kingdom , `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' would ordinarily have gone straight to the top of the British record charts on its day of release ( 29 November 1963 ) had it not been blocked by the group 's first million seller `` She Loves You `` , the Beatles ' previous UK single , which was having a resurgent spell in the top position following intense media coverage of the group .	1
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	Taking two weeks to dislodge its predecessor , `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' stayed at number one for five weeks and remained in the UK top fifty for twenty-one weeks in total .	0
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	It was also the group 's first American number one , entering the Billboard Hot 100 chart on 18 January 1964 at number forty-five and starting the British invasion of the American music industry .	0
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	By 1 February it held the number one spot — for seven weeks — before being replaced by `` She Loves You '' , a reverse scenario of what had occurred in Britain , and remained in the US charts for a total of fifteen weeks .	0
what year did the beatles came out with the song i wan na hold your hand	`` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' became the Beatles ' best-selling single worldwide .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	As a medical diagnosis , pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in persons 16 years of age or older typically characterized by a primary or exclusive sexual interest toward prepubescent children ( generally age 11 years or younger , though specific diagnosis criteria for the disorder extends the cut-off point for prepubescence to age 13 ) .	1
how old a child pedophile crime	An adolescent who is 16 years of age or older must be at least five years older than the prepubescent child before the attraction can be diagnosed as pedophilia .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	The term has a range of definitions , as found in psychiatry , psychology , the vernacular , and law enforcement .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	The International Classification of Diseases ( ICD ) defines pedophilia as a `` disorder of adult personality and behaviour '' in which there is a sexual preference for children of prepubertal or early pubertal age .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	According to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , it is a paraphilia in which adults or adolescents 16 years of age or older have intense and recurrent sexual urges towards and fantasies about prepubescent children that they have either acted on or which cause them distress or interpersonal difficulty .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	In popular usage , pedophilia means any sexual interest in children or the act of child sexual abuse , often termed `` pedophilic behavior '' .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	For example , The American Heritage Stedman 's Medical Dictionary states , `` Pedophilia is the act or fantasy on the part of an adult of engaging in sexual activity with a child or children . ''	0
how old a child pedophile crime	This common use application also extends to the sexual interest in and sexual contact with pubescent or post-pubescent minors .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Researchers recommend that these imprecise uses be avoided because although people who commit child sexual abuse commonly exhibit the disorder , some offenders do not meet the clinical diagnosis standards for pedophilia and these standards pertain to prepubescents .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Additionally , not all pedophiles actually commit such abuse .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Pedophilia was first formally recognized and named in the late 19th century .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	A significant amount of research in the area has taken place since the 1980s .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Although mostly documented in men , there are also women who exhibit the disorder , and researchers assume available estimates underrepresent the true number of female pedophiles .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	No cure for pedophilia has been developed , but there are therapies that can reduce the incidence of a person committing child sexual abuse .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	In the United States , following Kansas v. Hendricks , sex offenders who are diagnosed with certain mental disorders , particularly pedophilia , can be subject to indefinite civil commitment , under various state laws ( generically called SVP laws ) and the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	At present , the exact causes of pedophilia have not been conclusively established .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	Research suggests that pedophilia may be correlated with several different neurological abnormalities , and often co-exists with other personality disorders and psychological pathologies .	0
how old a child pedophile crime	In the contexts of forensic psychology and law enforcement , a variety of typologies have been suggested to categorize pedophiles according to behavior and motivations .	0
what are the sulfas	Sulfonamide functional group	0
what are the sulfas	Hydrochlorothiazide is a sulfonamide and a thiazide .	0
what are the sulfas	Furosemide is a sulfonamide , but not a thiazide .	0
what are the sulfas	Sulfonamide or sulphonamide is the basis of several groups of drugs .	0
what are the sulfas	The original antibacterial sulfonamides ( sometimes called sulfa drugs or sulpha drugs ) are synthetic antimicrobial agents that contain the sulfonamide group .	1
what are the sulfas	Some sulfonamides are also devoid of antibacterial activity , e.g. , the anticonvulsant sultiame .	0
what are the sulfas	The sulfonylureas and thiazide diuretics are newer drug groups based on the antibacterial sulfonamides .	0
what are the sulfas	Sulfa allergies are common , hence medications containing sulfonamides are prescribed carefully .	0
what are the sulfas	It is important to make a distinction between sulfa drugs and other sulfur-containing drugs and additives , such as sulfates and sulfites , which are chemically unrelated to the sulfonamide group , and do not cause the same hypersensitivity reactions seen in the sulfonamides .	0
when did the word fuck begin	Fuck in its literal meaning refers to the act of sexual intercourse .	0
when did the word fuck begin	It is an English word that is often used as a profanity , either to denote disdain or as an intensifier .	0
when did the word fuck begin	The origin of the word is obscure .	0
when did the word fuck begin	It is usually considered to be first attested to around 1475 , but it may be considerably older .	1
when did the word fuck begin	In modern usage , fuck and its derivatives ( such as fucker and fucking ) can be used in the position of a noun , a verb , an adjective or an adverb .	0
when did the word fuck begin	There are many common phrases which make use of the word , as well as a number of compounds incorporating it , such as motherfucker .	0
who rules communism government	Map of countries that declared themselves to be socialist states under the Marxist–Leninist or Maoist definition - that is to say , `` Communist states '' - between 1979 and 1983 .	0
who rules communism government	This period marked the greatest territorial extent of Communist states .	0
who rules communism government	A communist state is a state where the means of production are collectively owned by the society .	0
who rules communism government	It has a form of government characterized by single-party rule or dominant-party rule of a communist party ( referred as Dictatorship of the Proletariat by its proponents ) and a professed allegiance to a Leninist or Marxist–Leninist ideology as the guiding principle of the state .	1
who rules communism government	Technically , `` communist state '' is a contradictio in terminis as a communist society as defined by both Marxists and anarcho-communists is in principle stateless .	0
who rules communism government	From this perspective , the term Marxist-Leninist state is more appropriate .	0
who rules communism government	Historically , a `` communist state '' referred to a system where public ownership of all or most means of production by the Communist party -run state is deemed necessary to further the interests of the working class ; today , a communist state can also , for instance , refer to contemporary China and Vietnam , where a Communist Party-run state exists alongside a mixed economy .	0
who rules communism government	According to Marxist–Leninists , the state is a tool in the hands of the ruling class , which in a socialist society is the working class , so a socialist state is , according to Leninists , a state of the working class .	0
who rules communism government	In practice , communist states do not actually refer to themselves as such .	0
who rules communism government	They do this not to disguise the fact that the ruling party is communist , but rather because they do not consider themselves to be a communist society at present .	0
who rules communism government	Instead , they constitutionally identify themselves as socialist states or workers ' states .	0
who rules communism government	The primary goal of these states , which also explains their official name , is to guide their respective countries in the process of building socialism , ultimately leading to communism .	0
who rules communism government	Communist states may have several legal political parties , but the communist party is usually granted a special or dominant role in government , often by statute or under the constitution .	0
who rules communism government	Consequently , the institutions of the state and of the communist party become intimately entwined , such as in the development of parallel institutions .	0
who rules communism government	In the 20th century , most communist states adopted planned economies .	0
who rules communism government	However , there were exceptions : The Soviet Union during the 1920s and late 1980s and Yugoslavia after World War II allowed limited markets and a degree of worker self-management , while China , Vietnam and Laos introduced far-reaching market reforms after the 1980s .	0
who rules communism government	In the 21st century , China and Vietnam have allowed a mixed economy to develop .	0
who rules communism government	The fundamental concepts of communist states often diverge from the original socio-economic ideologies from which they develop .	0
who rules communism government	As a result , many adherents of these ideologies often oppose the political systems commonly associated with these states .	0
who rules communism government	For example , dissenting communists such as Trotskyists were often opposed to the communist states of the 20th century , claiming either that they had nothing to do with `` real '' communism or that the ideology of such states had reached a point of irrevocable corruption .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Sidney Patrick Crosby , ONS ( born August 7 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is captain of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Crosby was drafted first overall by the Penguins out of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) .	1
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	During his two-year major junior career with the Rimouski Océanic , he earned back-to-back CHL Player of the Year awards and led his club to the 2005 Memorial Cup final .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Nicknamed `` The Next One `` , he was one of the most highly regarded draft picks in hockey history , leading many to refer to the 2005 Draft Lottery as the `` Sidney Crosby Sweepstakes '' .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	In his first NHL season , Crosby finished sixth in league scoring with 102 points ( 39 goals , 63 assists ) and was a runner-up for the Calder Memorial Trophy ( won by Alexander Ovechkin ) .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	By his second season , he led the NHL with 120 points ( 36 goals , 84 assists ) to capture the Art Ross Trophy , becoming the youngest player and the only teenager to win a scoring title in any major North American sports league .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	That same season , Crosby also won the Hart Memorial Trophy as the Professional Hockey Writers Association 's choice for most valuable player and the Lester B. Pearson Award as the NHL Players Association 's choice for most outstanding player , becoming the seventh player in NHL history to earn all three awards in one year .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Crosby started the 2007–08 season with the team 's captaincy and subsequently led them to the 2008 Stanley Cup Finals , where they were defeated by the Detroit Red Wings in six games .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	The Penguins returned to the Finals against Detroit the following year and won in seven games ; Crosby became the youngest captain in NHL history to win the Stanley Cup .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	In the 2009–10 season , Crosby scored a career-high 51 goals , tying him with Steven Stamkos for the Rocket Richard Trophy as the league-leader ; with 58 assists , he totaled 109 points , second in the NHL .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	During the off-season , Crosby received the Mark Messier Leadership Award .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	In 2010–11 , Crosby sustained a concussion as a result of hits to the head in back-to-back games .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	The injury left him sidelined for ten and a half months .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	However , after playing eight games in the 2011–12 season , Crosby 's concussion-like symptoms returned in December 2011 , and he did not return until mid-March 2012 .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Internationally , Crosby has represented Canada in numerous tournaments for the country 's junior and men 's teams .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	After competing in the 2003 U-18 Junior World Cup , he represented Canada in back-to-back IIHF World U20 Championships , winning silver in 2004 and gold in 2005 .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	At the 2006 IIHF World Championship , he led the tournament in scoring , while also earning Top Forward and All-Star Team honours .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Four years later , Crosby was named to Team Canada for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .	0
how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby	Playing the United States in the gold medal game , he scored the game-winning goal in overtime .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	Carl Jung in 1910 .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	Myers and Briggs extrapolated their MBTI theory from Jung 's writings in his book Psychological Types .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator ( MBTI ) assessment is a psychometric questionnaire designed to measure psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions .	1
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	These preferences were extrapolated from the typological theories proposed by Carl Gustav Jung and first published in his 1921 book Psychological Types ( English edition , 1923 ) .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	Jung theorized that there are four principal psychological functions by which we experience the world : sensation , intuition , feeling , and thinking .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	One of these four functions is dominant most of the time .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	The original developers of the personality inventory were Katharine Cook Briggs and her daughter , Isabel Briggs Myers ; these two , having studied extensively the work of Jung , turned their interest of human behavior into a devotion of turning the theory of psychological types to practical use .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	They began creating the indicator during World War II , believing that a knowledge of personality preferences would help women who were entering the industrial workforce for the first time to identify the sort of war-time jobs that would be `` most comfortable and effective '' .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	The initial questionnaire grew into the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator , which was first published in 1962 .	0
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	The MBTI focuses on normal populations and emphasizes the value of naturally occurring differences .	1
What kind of personality test is the MBTI	Robert Kaplan and Dennis Saccuzzo believe `` the underlying assumption of the MBTI is that we all have specific preferences in the way we construe our experiences , and these preferences underlie our interests , needs , values , and motivation '' ( p. 499 ) .	1
what type of game is heavy rain	Heavy Rain is an interactive drama action-adventure video game created by French developer Quantic Dream exclusively for the PlayStation 3 .	1
what type of game is heavy rain	The game is written and directed by Quantic Dream 's founder and CEO David Cage .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	Heavy Rains story is a dramatic thriller modelled after film noir , featuring four protagonists involved with the mystery of the Origami Killer , a serial killer who uses extended periods of rainfall to drown his victims .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	Ethan Mars is trying to save his son from being the next victim , while investigative journalist Madison Paige , FBI profiler Norman Jayden , and private detective Scott Shelby are each trying to track down clues to the Origami Killer 's identity .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	The player interacts with the game by performing actions highlighted on screen related to motions on the controller , and in some cases , performing a series of quick time events during fast-paced action sequences .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	The player 's decisions and actions during the game will affect the narrative .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	The main characters can be killed , and certain actions may lead to different scenes and endings .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	A playable demo was released on 11 February 2010 .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	The demo was released prior to this date for people who took part in a Four Day Challenge on 5 February 2010 .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	A patch to allow use of the PlayStation Move controller to play the game was released in September 2010 .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	Heavy Rain was critically acclaimed and has sold over two million copies .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	It won 2010 's Game of the Year from CNN and Gaming Union , and Best PS3 Game of 2010 by GameSpy and IGN .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	A modified version of the game was released titled Heavy Rain Edition Modifiée exclusively in France , aimed towards a younger audience .	0
what type of game is heavy rain	In 2010 , the game was included in the book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die .	0
what is a .PAC file	A proxy auto-config ( PAC ) file defines how web browsers and other user agents can automatically choose the appropriate proxy server ( access method ) for fetching a given URL .	1
what is a .PAC file	A PAC file contains a JavaScript function “FindProxyForURL ( url , host ) ” .	1
what is a .PAC file	This function returns a string with one or more access method specifications .	0
what is a .PAC file	These specifications cause the user agent to use a particular proxy server or to connect directly .	0
what is a .PAC file	Multiple specifications provide a fall-back when a proxy fails to respond .	0
what is a .PAC file	The browser fetches this PAC file before requesting other URLs .	0
what is a .PAC file	The URL of the PAC file is either configured manually or determined automatically by the Web Proxy Autodiscovery Protocol .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	John Adams ( October 30 , 1735 ( O.S . October 19 , 1735 ) – July 4 , 1826 ) was the second president of the United States ( 1797–1801 ) , having earlier served as the first vice president of the United States .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	An American Founding Father , he was a statesman , diplomat , and a leading advocate of American independence from Great Britain .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Well educated , he was an Enlightenment political theorist who promoted republicanism and wrote prolifically about his often seminal ideas , both in published works and in letters to his wife and key adviser Abigail as well as to other Founding Fathers .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Adams came to prominence in the early stages of the American Revolution .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	A lawyer and public figure in Boston , as a delegate from Massachusetts to the Continental Congress , he played a leading role in persuading Congress to declare independence .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	He assisted Thomas Jefferson in drafting the Declaration of Independence in 1776 , and was its primary advocate in the Congress .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Later , as a diplomat in Europe , he helped negotiate the eventual peace treaty with Great Britain , and was responsible for obtaining vital governmental loans from Amsterdam bankers .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	A political theorist and historian , Adams largely wrote the Massachusetts Constitution in 1780 , which together with his earlier Thoughts on Government , influenced American political thought .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	One of his greatest roles was as a judge of character : in 1775 , he nominated George Washington to be commander-in-chief , and 25 years later nominated John Marshall to be Chief Justice of the United States .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Adams ' revolutionary credentials secured him two terms as George Washington 's vice president and his own election in 1796 as the second president .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	During his one term , he encountered ferocious attacks by the Jeffersonian Republicans , as well as the dominant faction in his own Federalist Party led by his bitter enemy Alexander Hamilton .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Adams signed the controversial Alien and Sedition Acts , and built up the army and navy especially in the face of an undeclared naval war ( called the `` Quasi-War `` ) with France , 1798–1800 .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	The major accomplishment of his presidency was his peaceful resolution of the conflict in the face of Hamilton 's opposition .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	In 1800 , Adams was defeated for re-election by Thomas Jefferson and retired to Massachusetts .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	He later resumed his friendship with Jefferson .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	He and his wife , Abigail Adams , founded an accomplished family line of politicians , diplomats , and historians now referred to as the Adams political family .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams , the sixth President of the United States .	1
Who was John Adam 's children	His achievements have received greater recognition in modern times , though his contributions were not initially as celebrated as those of other Founders .	0
Who was John Adam 's children	Adams was the first U.S. president to reside in the building that eventually became known as the White House .	0
what are stocks and bonds	In finance , a bond is an instrument of indebtedness of the bond issuer to the holders .	1
what are stocks and bonds	It is a debt security , under which the issuer owes the holders a debt and , depending on the terms of the bond , is obliged to pay them interest ( the coupon ) or to repay the principal at a later date , termed the maturity .	0
what are stocks and bonds	Interest is usually payable at fixed intervals ( semiannual , annual , sometimes monthly ) .	0
what are stocks and bonds	Very often the bond is negotiable , i.e . the ownership of the instrument can be transferred in the secondary market .	0
what are stocks and bonds	Thus a bond is a form of loan or IOU : the holder of the bond is the lender ( creditor ) , the issuer of the bond is the borrower ( debtor ) , and the coupon is the interest .	0
what are stocks and bonds	Bonds provide the borrower with external funds to finance long-term investments , or , in the case of government bonds , to finance current expenditure .	0
what are stocks and bonds	Certificates of deposit ( CDs ) or short term commercial paper are considered to be money market instruments and not bonds : the main difference is in the length of the term of the instrument .	0
what are stocks and bonds	Bonds and stocks are both securities , but the major difference between the two is that ( capital ) stockholders have an equity stake in the company ( i.e . they are owners ) , whereas bondholders have a creditor stake in the company ( i.e . they are lenders ) .	1
what are stocks and bonds	Another difference is that bonds usually have a defined term , or maturity , after which the bond is redeemed , whereas stocks may be outstanding indefinitely .	0
what are stocks and bonds	An exception is an irredeemable bond , such as Consols , which is a perpetuity , i.e . a bond with no maturity .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	Babe Ruth holds the MLB career slugging percentage record ( .690 ) .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	In baseball statistics , slugging percentage ( abbreviated SLG ) is a popular measure of the power of a hitter .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	It is calculated as total bases divided by at bats :	1
how is slugging percentage calculated	where AB is the number of at-bats for a given player , and 1B , 2B , 3B , and HR are the number of singles , doubles , triples , and home runs , respectively .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	Walks are specifically excluded from this calculation .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	For example , in 1920 , Babe Ruth played his first season for the New York Yankees .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	In 458 at bats , Ruth had 172 hits , comprising 73 singles , 36 doubles , 9 triples , and 54 home runs , which brings the total base count to ( 73 × 1 ) + ( 36 × 2 ) + ( 9 × 3 ) + ( 54 × 4 ) = 388 .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	His total number of bases ( 388 ) divided by his total at-bats ( 458 ) is .847 , his slugging percentage for the season .	0
how is slugging percentage calculated	The next year he slugged .846 , and these records went unbroken until 2001 , when Barry Bonds achieved 411 bases in 476 at-bats , bringing his slugging percentage to .863 , unmatched since .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	Black Friday is the day following Thanksgiving Day in the United States , often regarded as the beginning of the Christmas shopping season .	1
when does black friday start for christmas	In recent years , most major retailers have opened extremely early and offered promotional sales to kick off the holiday shopping season , similar to Boxing Day sales in many Commonwealth Nations .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	Black Friday is not an official public holiday as such , but many non-retail employees and schools have both Thanksgiving and the day after off , followed by a weekend , thereby increasing the number of potential shoppers .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	It has routinely been the busiest shopping day of the year since 2005 , although news reports , which at that time were inaccurate , have described it as the busiest shopping day of the year for a much longer period of time .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	The day 's name originated in Philadelphia , where it originally was used to describe the heavy and disruptive pedestrian and vehicle traffic which would occur on the day after Thanksgiving .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	Use of the term started before 1961 and began to see broader use outside Philadelphia around 1975 .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	Later an alternative explanation began to be offered : that `` Black Friday '' indicates the point at which retailers begin to turn a profit , or are `` '' .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	For many years , it was common for retailers to open at 6:00 a.m. , but in the late 2000s many had crept to 5:00 or even 4:00 .	0
when does black friday start for christmas	This was taken to a new extreme in 2011 , when several retailers ( including Target , Kohl 's , Macy 's , Best Buy , and Bealls ) opened at midnight for the first time .	1
when does black friday start for christmas	In 2012 , Walmart and several other retailers announced that they would open most of their stores at 8:00 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day ( except in states where opening on Thanksgiving is prohibited due to blue laws , such as Massachusetts where they still opened around midnight ) , prompting calls for a walkout among some workers .	1
when does black friday start for christmas	Black Friday shopping is known for attracting aggressive crowds , with annual reports of assaults , shootings , and throngs of people trampling on other shoppers in an attempt to get the best deal on a product before supplies run out .	0
how many muscles in the body	Skeletal muscles homo sapiens	0
how many muscles in the body	This is a table of muscles of the human anatomy .	0
how many muscles in the body	There are approximately 642 skeletal muscles within the typical human , and almost every muscle constitutes one part of a pair of identical bilateral muscles , found on both sides , resulting in approximately 320 pairs of muscles , as presented in this article .	1
how many muscles in the body	Nevertheless , the exact number is difficult to define because different sources group muscles differently , e.g . regarding what is defined as different parts of a single muscle or as several muscles .	0
how many muscles in the body	Examples range from 640 to 850 .	1
how many muscles in the body	The muscles of the human body can be categorized into a number of groups which include muscles relating to the head and neck , muscles of the torso or trunk , muscles of the upper limbs , and muscles of the lower limbs .	0
how many muscles in the body	The action refers to the action of each muscle from the standard anatomical position .	0
how many muscles in the body	In other positions , other actions may be performed .	0
where is osaka japan	Osaka castle	0
where is osaka japan	is a city in the Kansai region of Japan 's main island of Honshu , a designated city under the Local Autonomy Law , the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and also the largest part of the Keihanshin metropolis , which comprises three major cities of Japan , Kyoto , Osaka and Kobe .	1
where is osaka japan	Located at the mouth of the Yodo River on Osaka Bay , Osaka is Japan 's third largest city by population after Tokyo ( special wards ) and Yokohama .	1
where is osaka japan	Keihanshin is the second largest metropolitan area in Japan by population and one of the largest metropolitan areas highly ranked in the world , with nearly 19 million people , and by GDP the second largest area in Japan and the seventh largest area in the world .	0
where is osaka japan	Historically the commercial center of Japan , Osaka functions as one of the command centers for the Japanese economy .	0
where is osaka japan	The ratio between daytime and night time population is 141 % , the highest in Japan , highlighting its status as an economic center .	0
where is osaka japan	Its nighttime population is 2.6 million , the third in the country , but in daytime the population surges to 3.7 million , second only after Tokyo ( combining the special wards of Tokyo , which is not a single incorporated city , for statistical purposes ; see the Tokyo article for more information on the definition and makeup of Tokyo ) .	0
where is osaka japan	Osaka used to be referred to as the in feudal Edo period because it was the centre of trading for rice , creating the first modern futures exchange market in the world .	0
What committees are joint committees	A Joint Committee is a term in politics that is used to refer to a committee made up of members of both chambers of a bicameral legislature .	1
What committees are joint committees	In other contexts , it refers to a committee with members from more than one organization .	0
what did elijah mccoy invent	First page of US patent 129,843 for Improvement in Lubricators for Steam-Engines	0
what did elijah mccoy invent	Elijah J. McCoy ( May 2 , 1844 – October 10 , 1929 ) was a black Canadian-American inventor and engineer , who was notable for his 57 U.S. patents , most to do with lubrication of steam engines .	1
what did elijah mccoy invent	Born free in Canada , he returned as a five-year-old child with his family to the United States in 1847 , where he lived for the rest of his life and became a US citizen .	0
what are the three ossicles	The ossicles ( also called auditory ossicles ) are the three smallest bones in the human body , the malleus , the incus and the stapes .	1
what are the three ossicles	They are contained within the middle ear space and serve to transmit sounds from the air to the fluid-filled labyrinth ( cochlea ) .	0
what are the three ossicles	The absence of the auditory ossicles would constitute a moderate-to-severe hearing loss .	0
what are the three ossicles	The term `` ossicles '' literally means `` tiny bones '' and commonly refers to the auditory ossicles , though the term may refer to any small bone throughout the body .	0
where is green bay packers from	The Green Bay Packers are an American football team based in Green Bay , Wisconsin .	1
where is green bay packers from	They are members of the North Division of the National Football Conference ( NFC ) in the National Football League ( NFL ) .	0
where is green bay packers from	Green Bay is the third-oldest franchise in the NFL , having been organized and playing in 1919 .	0
where is green bay packers from	The Packers are the only non-profit , community-owned major league professional sports team in the United States .	0
where is green bay packers from	The Packers are the last vestige of `` small town teams '' that were once common in the NFL during the 1920s and 1930s .	0
where is green bay packers from	Founded in 1919 by Earl `` Curly '' Lambeau ( hence the name Lambeau Field on which the team plays ) and George Whitney Calhoun , the Green Bay Packers can trace their lineage to other semi-professional teams in Green Bay dating back to 1896 .	0
where is green bay packers from	In 1919 and 1920 the Packers competed as a semi-professional football team against clubs from around Wisconsin and the Midwest .	0
where is green bay packers from	They joined the American Professional Football Association ( APFA ) in 1921 , the forerunner to what is known today as the National Football League ( NFL ) .	0
where is green bay packers from	Although Green Bay is the last NFL `` small town '' team , its local fan base and media extends into nearby Milwaukee ; the team also played selected home games there between 1933 and 1994 .	0
where is green bay packers from	The Green Bay Packers have won 13 league championships ( more than any other team in the NFL ) , including nine NFL championships prior to the Super Bowl era and four Super Bowl victories —in 1967 ( Super Bowl I ) , 1968 ( Super Bowl II ) , 1997 ( Super Bowl XXXI ) and 2011 ( Super Bowl XLV ) .	0
where is green bay packers from	The Packers have long-standing , bitter rivalries with their NFC North ( formerly the NFC Central ) opponents , the Chicago Bears , Minnesota Vikings and the Detroit Lions .	0
where is green bay packers from	The Bears-Packers rivalry is one of the oldest rivalries in NFL history , dating back to 1921 .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	Malcolm X ( ; May 19 , 1925February 21 , 1965 ) , born Malcolm Little and also known as El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz ( ) , was an African-American Muslim minister and human rights activist .	1
when was malcolm x assassinated	To his admirers , he was a courageous advocate for the rights of blacks , a man who indicted white America in the harshest terms for its crimes against black Americans .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	Detractors accused him of preaching racism , black supremacy , and violence .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	He has been called one of the greatest and most influential African Americans in history .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	Malcolm X 's father died—killed by white supremacists , it was rumored—when he was young , and at least one of his uncles was lynched .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	When he was 13 , his mother was placed in a mental hospital , and he was placed in a series of foster homes .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	In 1946 , at age 20 , he went to prison for breaking and entering .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	In prison , Malcolm X became a member of the Nation of Islam ; after his parole in 1952 , he quickly rose to become one of its leaders .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	For a dozen years , Malcolm X was the public face of the controversial group , but disillusionment with Nation of Islam head Elijah Muhammad led him to leave the Nation in March 1964 .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	After a period of travel in Africa and the Middle East , he returned to the United States , where he founded Muslim Mosque , Inc. and the Organization of Afro-American Unity .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	In February 1965 , less than a year after leaving the Nation of Islam , he was assassinated by three members of the group .	1
when was malcolm x assassinated	Malcolm X 's expressed beliefs changed substantially over time .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	As a spokesman for the Nation of Islam he taught black supremacy and advocated separation of black and white Americans —in contrast to the civil rights movement 's emphasis on integration .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	After breaking with the Nation of Islam in 1964—saying of his association with it , `` I did many things as a [ Black ] Muslim that I 'm sorry for now .	0
when was malcolm x assassinated	I was a zombie then ... pointed in a certain direction and told to march '' —and becoming a Sunni Muslim , he disavowed racism and expressed willingness to work with civil rights leaders , he continued to emphasize Pan-Africanism , black self-determination , and self-defense .	0
when did the titanic sink	RMS Titanic was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean on 15 April 1912 after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton , UK to New York City , US .	1
when did the titanic sink	The sinking of Titanic caused the deaths of 1,502 people in one of the deadliest peacetime maritime disasters in modern history .	0
when did the titanic sink	The RMS Titanic was the largest ship afloat at the time of her maiden voyage .	0
when did the titanic sink	She was the second of three Olympic class ocean liners operated by the White Star Line , and she was built by the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast with Thomas Andrews , who perished with the ship , as her naval architect .	0
when did the titanic sink	On her maiden voyage , she carried 2,224 passengers and crew .	0
when did the titanic sink	Under the command of Edward Smith , her passengers included some of the wealthiest people in the world , as well as hundreds of emigrants from Great Britain and Ireland , Scandinavia and elsewhere throughout Europe seeking a new life in North America .	0
when did the titanic sink	The ship was designed to be the last word in comfort and luxury , with an on-board gymnasium , swimming pool , libraries , high-class restaurants and opulent cabins .	0
when did the titanic sink	She also had a powerful wireless telegraph provided for the convenience of passengers as well as for operational use .	0
when did the titanic sink	Though she had advanced safety features such as watertight compartments and remotely activated watertight doors , she lacked enough lifeboats to accommodate all of those aboard .	0
when did the titanic sink	Because of outdated maritime safety regulations , she carried only enough lifeboats for 1,178 people—slightly more than half of the number travelling on the maiden voyage , and one-third her total passenger and crew capacity .	0
when did the titanic sink	After leaving Southampton on 10 April 1912 , Titanic called at Cherbourg in France and Queenstown ( now Cobh ) in Ireland before heading westwards towards New York .	0
when did the titanic sink	On 14 April 1912 , four days into the crossing and about 375 miles ( 600 km ) south of Newfoundland , she hit an iceberg at 11:40 pm ship 's time .	0
when did the titanic sink	The glancing collision caused Titanics hull plates to buckle inwards along her starboard side and opened five of her sixteen watertight compartments to the sea ; the ship gradually filled with water .	0
when did the titanic sink	Meanwhile , passengers and some crew members were evacuated in lifeboats , many of which were launched only partly loaded .	0
when did the titanic sink	A disproportionate number of men were left aboard because of a `` women and children first `` protocol followed by some of the officers loading the lifeboats .	0
when did the titanic sink	By 2:20 AM , she broke apart and foundered , with well over one thousand people still aboard .	0
when did the titanic sink	Just under two hours after the Titanic foundered , the Cunard liner RMS Carpathia arrived on the scene of the sinking , where she brought aboard an estimated 705 survivors .	0
when did the titanic sink	The disaster was greeted with worldwide shock and outrage at the huge loss of life and the regulatory and operational failures that had led to it .	0
when did the titanic sink	Public inquiries in Britain and the United States led to major improvements in maritime safety .	0
when did the titanic sink	One of their most important legacies was the establishment in 1914 of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea ( SOLAS ) , which still governs maritime safety today .	0
when did the titanic sink	Additionally , several new wireless regulations were passed around the world in an effort to learn from the many missteps in wireless communications -- -which could have saved many more passengers .	0
when did the titanic sink	Many of the survivors lost all of their money and possessions and were left destitute ; many families , particularly those of crew members from Southampton , lost their primary bread-winners .	0
when did the titanic sink	They were helped by an outpouring of public sympathy and charitable donations .	0
when did the titanic sink	Some of the male survivors were accused of cowardice for leaving the ship while people were still on board ; the White Star Line 's chairman , J. Bruce Ismay , faced social ostracism for the rest of his life .	0
when did the titanic sink	The wreck of the Titanic remains on the seabed , split in two and gradually disintegrating at a depth of .	0
when did the titanic sink	Since its discovery in 1985 , thousands of artefacts have been recovered and put on display at museums around the world .	0
when did the titanic sink	Titanic has become one of the most famous ships in history , her memory kept alive by numerous books , folk songs , films , exhibits , and memorials .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The Chief Justice of the United States is the head of the United States federal court system ( the judicial branch of the federal government of the United States ) and the chief judge of the Supreme Court of the United States .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The Chief Justice is one of nine Supreme Court justices ; the other eight are the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	From 1789 until 1866 , the office was known as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The Chief Justice is the highest judicial officer in the country , and acts as a chief administrative officer for the federal courts and as head of the Judicial Conference of the United States appoints the director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The Chief Justice also serves as a spokesperson for the judicial branch .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The Chief Justice leads the business of the Supreme Court .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	He presides over oral arguments before the court .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	When the court renders an opinion , the Chief Justice—when in the majority—decides who writes the court 's opinion .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The Chief Justice also has significant agenda-setting power over the court 's meetings .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	In the case of an impeachment of a President of the United States , which has occurred twice , the Chief Justice presides over the trial in the Senate .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	In modern tradition , the Chief Justice has the ceremonial duty of administering the oath of office of the President of the United States .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The first Chief Justice was John Jay .	0
who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court ?	The 17th and current Chief Justice is John G. Roberts , Jr .	1
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Typical eukaryotic cell .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Cellular respiration is the set of the metabolic reactions and processes that take place in the cells of organisms to convert biochemical energy from nutrients into adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , and then release waste products .	1
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	The reactions involved in respiration are catabolic reactions , which break large molecules into smaller ones , releasing energy in the process as weak so-called `` high-energy '' bonds are replaced by stronger bonds in the products .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Respiration is one of the key ways a cell gains useful energy to fuel cellular activity .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Cellular respiration is considered an exothermic redox reaction .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	The overall reaction is broken into many smaller ones when it occurs in the body , most of which are redox reactions themselves .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Although technically , cellular respiration is a combustion reaction , it clearly does not resemble one when it occurs in a living cell .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	This difference is because it occurs in many separate steps .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	While the overall reaction is a combustion reaction , no single reaction that comprises it is a combustion reaction .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	Nutrients that are commonly used by animal and plant cells in respiration include sugar , amino acids and fatty acids , and a common oxidizing agent ( electron acceptor ) is molecular oxygen ( O2 ) .	0
what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration	The energy stored in ATP ( its third phosphate group is weakly bonded to the rest of the molecule and is cheaply broken allowing stronger bonds to form , thereby transferring energy for use by the cell ) can then be used to drive processes requiring energy , including biosynthesis , locomotion or transportation of molecules across cell membranes .	0
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG	The national flag of the United States of America , often simply referred to as the American flag , consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red ( top and bottom ) alternating with white , with a blue rectangle in the canton ( referred to specifically as the `` union '' ) bearing fifty small , white , five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars ( top and bottom ) alternating with rows of five stars .	1
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG	The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union .	1
HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG	Nicknames for the flag include the `` Stars and Stripes '' , `` Old Glory `` , and `` The Star-Spangled Banner . ''	0
what happened to montgomery clift	Edward Montgomery Clift ( October 17 , 1920July 23 , 1966 ) was an American film and stage actor The New York Times’ obituary noted his portrayal of `` moody , sensitive young men '' .	0
what happened to montgomery clift	He often played outsiders and `` victim-heroes '' ; examples include the social climber in George Stevens 's A Place in the Sun , the anguished Catholic priest in Hitchcock 's I Confess , the doomed regular soldier Robert E. Lee Prewitt in Fred Zinnemann 's From Here to Eternity , and the Jewish GI bullied by antisemites in Edward Dmytryk 's The Young Lions .	0
what happened to montgomery clift	Later , after a disfiguring car crash in 1956 , and alcohol and prescription drug abuse , he became erratic .	1
what happened to montgomery clift	Nevertheless important roles were still his , including `` the reckless , alcoholic , mother-fixated rodeo performer '' in John Huston 's The Misfits , the title role in Huston 's , and the concentration camp victim in Stanley Kramer 's Judgment at Nuremberg . ''	0
what happened to montgomery clift	Clift received four Academy Award nominations during his career , three for Best Actor and one for Best Supporting Actor .	0
what is pci Interface	Conventional PCI ( PCI is an initialism formed from Peripheral Component Interconnect , part of the PCI Local Bus standard and often shortened to just PCI ) is a local computer bus for attaching hardware devices in a computer .	1
what is pci Interface	The PCI bus supports the functions found on a processor bus , but in a standardized format that is independent of any particular processor .	0
what is pci Interface	Devices connected to the bus appear to the processor to be connected directly to the processor bus , and are assigned addresses in the processor 's address space .	0
what is pci Interface	Attached devices can take either the form of an integrated circuit fitted onto the motherboard itself , called a planar device in the PCI specification , or an expansion card that fits into a slot .	0
what is pci Interface	The PCI Local Bus was first implemented in IBM PC compatibles , where it displaced the combination of ISA plus one VESA Local Bus as the bus configuration .	0
what is pci Interface	It has subsequently been adopted for other computer types .	0
what is pci Interface	PCI and PCI-X are being replaced by PCI Express , but , most motherboards are still made with one or more PCI slots , which are sufficient for many uses .	0
what is pci Interface	The PCI specification covers the physical size of the bus ( including the size and spacing of the circuit board edge electrical contacts ) , electrical characteristics , bus timing , and protocols .	0
what is pci Interface	The specification can be purchased from the PCI Special Interest Group ( PCI-SIG ) .	0
what is pci Interface	Typical PCI cards used in PCs include : network cards , sound cards , modems , extra ports such as USB or serial , TV tuner cards and disk controllers .	0
what is pci Interface	PCI video cards replaced ISA and VESA cards , until growing bandwidth requirements outgrew the capabilities of PCI ; the preferred interface for video cards became AGP , and then PCI Express .	0
what is pci Interface	PCI video cards remain available for use with old PCs without AGP or PCI Express slots .	0
what is pci Interface	Many devices previously provided on PCI expansion cards are now commonly integrated onto motherboards or available in universal serial bus and PCI Express versions .	0
what is prince williams last name	Prince William , Duke of Cambridge ( William Arthur Philip Louis ; born 21 June 1982 ) , is the elder son of Charles , Prince of Wales , and Diana , Princess of Wales , and third-eldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh .	1
what is prince williams last name	He is second in the line of succession , behind his father , to the thrones of sixteen independent sovereign states known as the Commonwealth realms : the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , New Zealand , Jamaica , Barbados , The Bahamas , Grenada , Papua New Guinea , the Solomon Islands , Tuvalu , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Belize , Antigua and Barbuda , and Saint Kitts and Nevis .	0
what is prince williams last name	Prince William was educated at four schools in the United Kingdom and obtained a degree from the University of St Andrews .	0
what is prince williams last name	He spent parts of a gap year in Chile , Belize , Tanzania , and Kenya where he has lived and holidayed several times .	0
what is prince williams last name	Prince William has also taken Kiswahili studies at universities in Kenya and Tanzania .	0
what is prince williams last name	He was commissioned as a Lieutenant in the Blues and Royals Regiment of the Household Cavalry —serving with his brother Prince Harry —and , two years later , earned his wings by completing pilot training at Royal Air Force College Cranwell .	0
what is prince williams last name	In 2009 , he transferred to the Royal Air Force , was promoted to Flight Lieutenant and underwent helicopter flying training in order to become a full-time pilot with the Search and Rescue Force .	0
what is prince williams last name	In 2010 , he completed his general and special-to-type helicopter training and went on to RAF Valley on No . 22 Squadron performing co-pilot duties on board a Sea King search and rescue helicopter .	0
what is prince williams last name	Prince William married his longtime girlfriend , Catherine Middleton , on 29 April 2011 at Westminster Abbey .	0
what is prince williams last name	Hours prior to his wedding , Prince William was created Duke of Cambridge , Earl of Strathearn , and Baron Carrickfergus .	0
what is water jet propulsion	A rider on a Yamaha Waverunner XL performing a high-speed turn .	0
what is water jet propulsion	A jetboat is a boat propelled by a jet of water ejected from the back of the craft .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Unlike a powerboat or motorboat that uses a propeller in the water below or behind the boat , a jetboat draws the water from under the boat into a pump inside the boat , then expels it through a nozzle at the stern .	1
what is water jet propulsion	Jetboats were originally designed by Sir William Hamilton ( who developed a waterjet in 1954 ) for operation in the fast-flowing and shallow rivers of New Zealand , specifically to overcome the problem of propellers striking rocks in such waters .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Previous attempts at waterjet propulsion had very short lifetimes , generally due to the inefficient design of the units and the fact that they offered few advantages over conventional propellers .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Unlike these previous waterjet developments , such as Campini 's and the Hanley Hydrojet , Hamilton had a specific need for a propulsion system to operate in very-shallow water , and the waterjet proved to be the ideal solution .	0
what is water jet propulsion	From this , the popularity of the jet unit and jetboat increased rapidly .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Through further developments , it was found the waterjet offered several other advantages over propellers for a wide range of vessel types , and as such , waterjets are used widely today for many high-speed vessels , including passenger ferries , rescue craft , patrol boats and offshore supply vessels .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Jetboats are highly maneuverable , and many can , from full speed , be reversed and brought to a stop within little more than their own length , in a maneuver known as a `` crash stop '' .	0
what is water jet propulsion	The well known Hamilton turn or `` jet spin '' is a high-speed maneuvre where the boat 's engine throttle is cut , the steering is turned sharply and the throttle opened again , causing the boat to spin quickly around with a large spray of water .	0
what is water jet propulsion	There is no engineering limit to the size of jetboats , though the validity of their use depends a lot on the type of application .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Classic prop-drives are generally more efficient and economical at low speeds , up to about , but as boat speed increases beyond this , the extra hull resistance generated by struts , rudders , shafts ( etc . ) means waterjets are more efficient in the 20-50 knot range ( up to ) .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Also , in situations with very large propellers turning at slow speeds ( such as tug boats ) , the equivalent size waterjet would be too big to be practical .	0
what is water jet propulsion	For these reasons , the vast majority of waterjet units are installed in high-speed vessels and in particular situations where shallow draught , maneuverability , and load flexibility are main concerns .	0
what is water jet propulsion	The biggest jet-driven vessels are found in military use or the high-speed passenger/car ferry industry .	0
what is water jet propulsion	South Africa 's s ( approximately long ) are the biggest jet-propelled vessels so far .	0
what is water jet propulsion	Even these German-built vessels are capable of performing `` crash stops '' .	0
who produced loyal to the game ?	Loyal to the Game is the tenth studio album and sixth studio album by Tupac Shakur .	0
who produced loyal to the game ?	It contains remixes of previously unreleased music recorded by Shakur before his death in 1996 .	0
who produced loyal to the game ?	Released in the United States on December 14 , 2004 ( December 12 in the United Kingdom ) , Loyal to the Game was produced by Eminem .	1
who is ezekiel in the bible	The Book of Ezekiel is the third of the Latter Prophets in the Hebrew Bible , following the books of Isaiah and Jeremiah and preceding the Book of the Twelve .	1
who is ezekiel in the bible	( The order is somewhat different in the Christian Old Testament ) .	0
who is ezekiel in the bible	It derives its name from , and records the visions of , the 6th century BC priest and prophet Ezekiel .	0
who is ezekiel in the bible	According to the book , the prophet , exiled in Babylon , experienced a series of seven visions during the 22 years from 593 to 571 BC , a period which spans the final destruction of Jerusalem in 586 .	0
who is ezekiel in the bible	The visions , and the book , are structured around three themes : ( 1 ) judgment on Israel ( chapters 1-24 ) ; ( 2 ) judgment on the nations ( chapters 25-32 ) ; and future blessings for Israel ( chapters 33-48 ) .	0
what are grits made from	Grits refers to a ground-corn food of Native American origin , that is common in the Southern United States and mainly eaten at breakfast .	0
what are grits made from	Modern grits are commonly made of alkali-treated corn known as hominy .	1
what are grits made from	Grits are similar to other thick maize-based porridges from around the world such as polenta or the thinner farina .	0
what are grits made from	`` Instant grits '' have been processed to speed cooking .	0
what are grits made from	The word `` grits '' derives from the Old English word `` grytt , '' meaning coarse meal .	0
what are grits made from	This word originally referred to wheat and other porridges now known as groats in parts of the U.K..	0
what are grits made from	Maize , unknown in Europe in the Middle Ages , is a food derived from corn ( a New World plant ) and `` corn '' had been used to describe wheat products in many European regions .	0
what are grits made from	`` Grits '' may be either singular or plural ; historically , in the American South the word was invariably singular notwithstanding its plural form ( cf . such food names as `` spaghetti '' or `` linguine '' , likewise plural in form , but singular in use ) .	0
what are grits made from	Sometimes , grits are called sofkee or sofkey ( from a native American Muskogee word ) .	0
where is the country andorra located	The Andorran coat of arms at the Andorran parliament .	0
where is the country andorra located	Andorra ( ; , ) , officially the Principality of Andorra ( ) , also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra , ( ) , is a landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .	1
where is the country andorra located	It is the sixth smallest nation in Europe , having an area of and an estimated population of 85,000 in 2012 .	0
where is the country andorra located	Its capital , Andorra la Vella , is the highest capital city in Europe , at an elevation of above sea level .	0
where is the country andorra located	The official language is Catalan , although Spanish , Portuguese , and French are also commonly spoken .	0
where is the country andorra located	Created under a charter in 988 , the present Principality was formed in 1278 .	0
where is the country andorra located	It is known as a principality as it is a monarchy headed by two co-princes – the Bishop of Urgell and the President of France .	0
where is the country andorra located	Andorra is a prosperous country mainly because of its tourism industry , which services an estimated 10.2 million visitors annually , and also because of its status as a tax haven .	0
where is the country andorra located	It is not a member of the European Union , but the euro is the de facto currency .	0
where is the country andorra located	The people of Andorra have the 4th highest human life expectancy in the world — 82 years at birth .	0
where is the seed located in an artichoke	The globe artichoke ( Cynara cardunculus var . scolymus ) is a variety of a species of thistle cultivated as a food .	0
where is the seed located in an artichoke	The edible matter is buds that form within the flower heads before the flowers come into bloom .	1
where is the seed located in an artichoke	The buds go away or change to a coarse , barely edible form when the flower blooms .	0
where is the seed located in an artichoke	The uncultivated or wild variety of the species is called a cardoon .	0
where is the seed located in an artichoke	It is a perennial plant native to the Mediterranean region .	0
where is the valley at in los angeles	The San Fernando Valley ( locally known as `` The Valley '' ) is an urbanized valley located in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of southern California , United States , defined by the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it .	1
where is the valley at in los angeles	Home to 1.76 million people , it lies north of the larger and more populous Los Angeles Basin .	0
where is the valley at in los angeles	Nearly two thirds of the Valley 's land area is part of the City of Los Angeles .	0
where is the valley at in los angeles	The other incorporated cities in the valley are Glendale , Burbank , San Fernando , Hidden Hills and Calabasas .	0
where is the valley at in los angeles	San Fernando Valley , Los Angeles	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain ( September 8 , 1828 – February 24 , 1914 ) , born as Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain , was an American college professor from the State of Maine , who volunteered during the American Civil War to join the Union Army .	1
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	Although having no earlier education in military strategies , he became a highly respected and decorated Union officer , reaching the rank of brigadier general ( and brevet major general ) .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	For his gallantry at Gettysburg , he was awarded the Medal of Honor .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	He was given the honor of commanding the Union troops at the surrender ceremony for the infantry of Robert E. Lee 's Army at Appomattox , Virginia .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	After the war , he entered politics as a Republican and served four one-year terms of office as the 32nd Governor of Maine .	0
What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do ?	He served on the faculty , and as president , of his alma mater , Bowdoin College .	0
what does the president of the usa do	The President of the United States of America ( POTUS ) is the head of state and head of government of the United States .	1
what does the president of the usa do	The president leads the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces .	1
what does the president of the usa do	Article II of the U.S. Constitution vests the executive power of the United States in the president and charges him with the execution of federal law , alongside the responsibility of appointing federal executive , diplomatic , regulatory , and judicial officers , and concluding treaties with foreign powers , with the advice and consent of the Senate .	0
what does the president of the usa do	The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves , and to convene and adjourn either or both houses of Congress under extraordinary circumstances .	1
what does the president of the usa do	Since the founding of the United States , the power of the president and the federal government have grown substantially and each modern president , despite possessing no formal legislative powers beyond signing or vetoing congressionally passed bills , is largely responsible for dictating the legislative agenda of his party and the foreign and domestic policy of the United States .	0
what does the president of the usa do	The president is frequently described as the most powerful person in the world .	0
what does the president of the usa do	The president is indirectly elected by the people through the Electoral College to a four-year term , and is one of only two nationally elected federal officers , the other being the Vice President of the United States .	0
what does the president of the usa do	The Twenty-second Amendment , adopted in 1951 , prohibits anyone from ever being elected to the presidency for a third full term .	0
what does the president of the usa do	It also prohibits a person from being elected to the presidency more than once if that person previously had served as president , or acting president , for more than two years of another person 's term as president .	0
what does the president of the usa do	In all , 43 individuals have served 55 four-year terms .	0
what does the president of the usa do	On January 20 , 2009 , Barack Obama became the 44th and current president .	0
what does the president of the usa do	On November 6 , 2012 , he was re-elected and is scheduled to serve until January 20 , 2017 .	0
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?	Osteonecrosis of the jaw ( ONJ ) is a severe bone disease that affects the maxilla and the mandible .	1
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?	Various forms of ONJ have been described over the last 160 years , and a number of causes have been suggested in the literature .	0
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?	Osteonecrosis of the jaws associated with bisphosphonate therapy , required by some cancer treatment regimens , has been identified and defined as a pathological entity since 2003 .	1
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?	The possible risk from lower oral doses of bisphosphonates , taken by patients to prevent or treat osteoporosis , remains uncertain .	0
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?	Various treatment options have been explored , however severe cases of ONJ still require surgical removal of the affected bone .	0
what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw ?	A thorough history and assessement of pre-existing systemic problems and possible sites of dental infection are required to help prevent the condition , especially if bisphosphonate therapy is considered .	0
who is the guy in the wheelchair who is smart	Professor Stephen Hawking , known for being a theoretical physicist , has appeared in many works of popular culture .	1
who won antm cycle 12	America 's Next Top Model , Cycle 12 is the twelfth cycle of America 's Next Top Model and the sixth season to air on The CW network .	0
who won antm cycle 12	It premiered on March 4 , 2009 .	0
who won antm cycle 12	The cycle 's catch phrase is `` Get In The Fold . ''	0
who won antm cycle 12	The cycle 's promotional song is Lady Gaga 's `` The Fame '' .	0
who won antm cycle 12	The prizes for this cycle are:	0
who won antm cycle 12	A modeling contract with Elite Model Management .	0
who won antm cycle 12	A fashion spread and cover in Seventeen .	0
who won antm cycle 12	A 100,000 contract with CoverGirl cosmetics .	0
who won antm cycle 12	The first half of the cycle took place in New York City , moving the show back from Los Angeles last season .	0
who won antm cycle 12	The international destination for this cycle is São Paulo , Brazil , the series first visit to South America .	0
who won antm cycle 12	The number of girls was reduced to 13 , the first time since Cycle 9 , after being maintained at 14 in the last two cycles .	0
who won antm cycle 12	This was the last time Paulina Porizkova participated as judge .	0
who won antm cycle 12	The winner was 20-year-old Teyona Anderson from Woodstown , New Jersey .	1
who won antm cycle 12	This season averaged 4.35 million viewers per episode .	0
what do biologists do	A biologist is a scientist who studies living organisms and their relationship to their environment .	1
what do biologists do	Biologists involved in basic research attempt to discover underlying mechanisms that govern how organisms work .	0
what do biologists do	Biologists involved in applied research attempt to develop or improve medical , industrial or agricultural processes .	0
what do biologists do	Martinus Willem Beijerinck , a botanist and microbiologist	0
what causes photo red eye	Intense red-eye effect in blue eyes with dilated pupil	0
what causes photo red eye	The red-eye effect in photography is the common appearance of red pupils in color photographs of eyes .	0
what causes photo red eye	It occurs when using a photographic flash very close to the camera lens ( as with most compact cameras ) , in ambient low light .	1
what causes photo red eye	The effect appears in the eyes of humans and animals that have tapetum lucidum .	0
what causes photo red eye	Theatrical followspot operators , positioned nearly coincidentally with a very bright light and somewhat distant from the actors , occasionally witness red-eye in actors on stage .	0
what causes photo red eye	The effect is not visible to the rest of the audience because it is reliant on the very small angle between the followspot operator and the light .	0
who was the first european in the americas	The start of the systematic European colonization of the Americas is typically dated to 1492 , when a Spanish expedition headed by Christopher Columbus sailed for India to open trade but inadvertently discovered the Americas .	1
who was the first european in the americas	European conquest , large-scale exploration and colonization soon followed .	0
who was the first european in the americas	Seeing that Europe was preoccupied with many internal wars and was slowly recovering from the many deaths that the bubonic plague caused , the rapid expansion at which it grew in wealth and power was unforeseeable in the early 1400s .	0
who was the first european in the americas	The first expeditions occurred along the Caribbean coasts on the islands of Hispaniola , Puerto Rico and Cuba , and after 1500 extended into the interiors of both North and South America .	0
who was the first european in the americas	In 1497 , sailing from the north on behalf of England , John Cabot landed on the North American coast , and a year later , Columbus 's third voyage reached the South American coast .	0
who was the first european in the americas	France founded colonies in much of eastern North America , on a number of Caribbean islands , and in South America .	0
who was the first european in the americas	Portugal colonized Brazil .	0
who was the first european in the americas	Eventually , the entire Western Hemisphere came under the control of European governments , leading to profound changes to its landscape , population , and plant and animal life .	0
who was the first european in the americas	In the 19th century alone over 50 million people left Europe for the Americas .	0
who was the first european in the americas	The post-1492 era is known as the period of the Columbian Exchange .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	A scanner with Duplexing Automatic Document Feeder .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	In multifunction or all-in-one printers , fax machines , photocopiers and scanners , an automatic document feeder or ADF is a feature which takes several pages and feeds the paper one page at a time into a scanner or copier , allowing the user to scan , and thereby copy , print , or fax , multiple-page documents without having to manually replace each page .	1
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	Most copiers allow scanning on the flatbed or platen ( the `` glass '' ) or through a document feeder .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	The vast majority of fax machines have an ADF , allowing the unattended sending of multi-page faxes .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	Due to the ubiquity of ADF in fax machines , some fax machine owners use the fax machine as a scanner , faxing multi-page documents to themselves .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	Document feeders are described by speed , in pages per minute or ppm , and capacity , usually in a range from 10 sheets to 200 .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	There are two kinds of document feeders capable of two-sided ( duplex ) scanning : a reversing automatic document feeder or RADF scans one side of a page , then flips it and scans the other side .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	A duplexing automatic document feeder or DADF scans both sides in one pass .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	The advantage of the DADF is faster speed for two-sided originals .	0
what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean	RADFs and DADFs are rated in images per minute ( IPM ) , the number of sides they can scan each minute .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Renal cell carcinoma ( RCC , also known as hypernephroma ) is a kidney cancer that originates in the lining of the proximal convoluted tubule , the very small tubes in the kidney that transport GF ( glomerular filtrate ) from the glomerulus to the descending limb of the nephron .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	RCC is the most common type of kidney cancer in adults , responsible for approximately 80 % of cases .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	It is also known to be the most lethal of all the genitourinary tumors .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Initial treatment is most commonly a radical or partial nephrectomy and remains the mainstay of curative treatment .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Where the tumor is confined to the renal parenchyma , the 5-year survival rate is 60-70 % , but this is lowered considerably where metastases have spread .	1
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	It is relatively resistant to radiation therapy and chemotherapy , although some cases respond to immunotherapy .	0
how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer	Targeted cancer therapies such as sunitinib , temsirolimus , bevacizumab , interferon-alpha , and sorafenib have improved the outlook for RCC .	0
How many states and territories are within India ?	India is a federal union of states comprising twenty-eight states and seven union territories .	1
How many states and territories are within India ?	The states and territories are further subdivided into districts and so on .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The United States one hundred-dollar bill ( $ 100 ) is a denomination of United States currency .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	U.S. statesman , inventor , and diplomat Benjamin Franklin is currently featured on the obverse of the bill .	1
who is on the hundred dollar bill	On the reverse of the banknote is an image of Independence Hall .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The $ 100 bill is the largest denomination that has been printed since July 13 , 1969 , when the denominations of $ 500 , $ 1,000 , $ 5,000 , and $ 10,000 were retired .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The Bureau of Engraving and Printing says the average life of a $ 100 bill in circulation is 90 months ( 7.5 years ) before it is replaced due to wear and tear .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The bills are also commonly referred to as `` Benjamins '' , in reference to the use of Benjamin Franklin 's portrait on the denomination , or `` C-Notes '' , based on the Roman numeral for 100 .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The bill is one of two denominations printed today that does not feature a President of the United States ; the other is the $ 10 bill , featuring Alexander Hamilton .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The time on the clock of Independence Hall on the reverse , according to the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing , shows approximately 4:10 .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	One hundred hundred-dollar bills are delivered by Federal Reserve Banks in mustard-colored straps ( $ 10,000 ) .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	The Series 2009 $ 100 bill redesign was unveiled on April 21 , 2010 , and was to be issued to the public on February 11 , 2011 , but production was shut down in December 2010 because as many as 30 % were unusable due to a manufacturing flaw .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	A vertical crease in the paper reveals a blank space on the bill when pulled out .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	In their replacement , and continuing the high demand of this denomination , the Series 2006A was launched retaining the previous design ( 1996-generation ) .	0
who is on the hundred dollar bill	On April 24 , 2013 , the Federal Reserve announced the new $ 100 bill would enter circulation on October 8 , 2013 .	0
what state is the capital in	Washington , D.C. has been the capital of the United States since 1800 .	1
what state is the capital in	Eight other cities have served as the meeting place for Congress and are therefore considered to have once been the capital of the United States .	0
what state is the capital in	In addition , each of the 50 U.S. states and the five principal territories of the United States maintains its own capital .	0
what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator	ANITA Mk VIII .	0
what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator	The ANITA Mark VII and ANITA Mark VIII calculators were launched simultaneously in late 1961 as the world 's first all- electronic desktop calculators .	1
what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator	Designed and built by the Bell Punch Co .	0
what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator	in Britain , and marketed through its Sumlock Comptometer division , they used vacuum tubes and cold-cathode switching tubes in their logic circuits and nixie tubes for their numerical displays .	0
what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator	They were the first of a series of desktop and hand-held electronic calculators that the company was to develop and sell under the ANITA name into the mid-1970s .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	James Madison , Jr. ( March 16 , 1751 ( O.S . March 5 ) – June 28 , 1836 ) was an American statesman and political theorist , the fourth President of the United States ( 1809–1817 ) .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	He is hailed as the “Father of the Constitution” for being instrumental in the drafting of the United States Constitution and as the key champion and author of the United States Bill of Rights .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	He served as a politician much of his adult life .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	After the constitution had been drafted , Madison became one of the leaders in the movement to ratify it .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	His collaboration with Alexander Hamilton and John Jay produced the Federalist Papers ( 1788 ) .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Circulated only in New York at the time , they would later be considered among the most important polemics in support of the Constitution .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	He was also a delegate to the Virginia constitutional ratifying convention , and was instrumental to the successful ratification effort in Virginia .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Like most of his contemporaries , Madison changed his political views during his life .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	During the drafting and ratification of the constitution , he favored a strong national government , though later he grew to favor stronger state governments , before settling between the two extremes late in his life .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	In 1789 , Madison became a leader in the new House of Representatives , drafting many basic laws .	1
when was james madison in the house of representatives	He is notable for drafting the first ten amendments to the Constitution , and thus is known as the `` Father of the Bill of Rights `` .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Madison worked closely with President George Washington to organize the new federal government .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Breaking with Hamilton and what became the Federalist Party in 1791 , Madison and Thomas Jefferson organized what they called the Republican Party ( later called by historians the Democratic-Republican Party )	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	As Jefferson’s Secretary of State ( 1801–1809 ) , Madison supervised the Louisiana Purchase , which doubled the nation’s size .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	After his election to the presidency , he presided over renewed prosperity for several years .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	As president ( 1809–17 ) , after the failure of diplomatic protests and a trade embargo against Great Britain , he led the nation into the War of 1812 .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	He was responding to British encroachments on American honor and rights ; in addition , he wanted to end the influence of the British among their Indian allies , whose resistance blocked United States settlement in the Midwest around the Great Lakes .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Madison found the war to be an administrative nightmare , as the United States had neither a strong army nor financial system ; as a result , he afterward supported a stronger national government and a strong military , as well as the national bank , which he had long opposed .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Like other Virginia statesmen in the slave society , he was a slaveholder who inherited his plantation known as Montpelier , and owned hundreds of slaves during his lifetime to cultivate tobacco and other crops .	0
when was james madison in the house of representatives	Madison supported the three-fifths compromise that allowed three-fifths of the enumerated population of slaves to be counted for representation .	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	Linguistic map of Nigeria , Cameroon , and Benin .	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	Sign in English , outside the University of Lagos	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	There are hundreds of languages spoken in Nigeria .	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	The major languages are Yoruba , Hausa , Igbo , Edo , Fulfulde , Kanuri , and Ibibio .	1
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	The official language of Nigeria , English , the former colonial language , was chosen to facilitate the cultural and linguistic unity of the country .	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	English , however , remains an exclusive preserve of the country 's urban elite , and is not widely spoken in rural areas , which comprise three quarters of the countries population .	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	Nigeria 's linguistic diversity is a microcosm of Africa as a whole , encompassing three major African languages families : Afroasiatic , Nilo-Saharan , and Niger–Congo .	0
what are two languages in Nigeria ?	Nigeria also has several as-yet unclassified languages , such as Cen Tuum , which may represent a relic of an even greater diversity prior to the spread of the current language families .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee ( ) ( ) is a U.S. state located in the Southeastern United States .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee is the 36th most extensive and the 17th most populous of the 50 United States .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee is bordered by Kentucky and Virginia to the north , North Carolina to the east , Georgia , Alabama , and Mississippi to the south , and Arkansas and Missouri to the west .	0
how tennessee became a state	The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state , and the Mississippi River forms the state 's western border .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee 's capital and second largest city is Nashville , which has a population of 609,644 .	0
how tennessee became a state	Memphis is the state 's largest city , with a population of 652,050 .	0
how tennessee became a state	The state of Tennessee is rooted in the Watauga Association , a 1772 frontier pact generally regarded as the first constitutional government west of the Appalachians .	0
how tennessee became a state	What is now Tennessee was initially part of North Carolina , and later part of the Southwest Territory .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee was admitted to the Union as the 16th state on June 1 , 1796 .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union and join the Confederacy at the outbreak of the U.S. Civil War in 1861 , and the first state to be readmitted to the Union at the end of the war .	1
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee furnished more soldiers for the Confederate Army than any other state , and more soldiers for the Union Army than any other Southern state .	0
how tennessee became a state	In the 20th century , Tennessee transitioned from an agrarian economy to a more diversified economy , aided at times by federal entities such as the Tennessee Valley Authority .	0
how tennessee became a state	In the early 1940s , the city of Oak Ridge was established to house the Manhattan Project 's uranium enrichment facilities , helping to build the world 's first atomic bomb .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee has played a critical role in the development of many forms of American popular music , including rock and roll , blues , country , and rockabilly .	0
how tennessee became a state	Beale Street in Memphis is considered by many to be the birthplace of the blues , with musicians such as W.C . Handy performing in its clubs as early as 1909 .	0
how tennessee became a state	Memphis was also home to Sun Records , where musicians such as Elvis Presley , Isaac Hayes , Johnny Cash , Carl Perkins , Jerry Lee Lewis , Roy Orbison , and Charlie Rich began their recording careers , and where rock and roll took shape in the 1950s .	0
how tennessee became a state	The 1927 Victor recording sessions in Bristol generally mark the beginning of the country music genre and the rise of the Grand Ole Opry in the 1930s helped make Nashville the center of the country music recording industry .	0
how tennessee became a state	Three bricks and mortar museums recognize Tennessee 's role in nurturing various forms of popular music : the Memphis Rock N ' Soul Museum , the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum in Nashville , and the International Rock-A-Billy Museum in Jackson .	0
how tennessee became a state	In addition , the Rockabilly Hall of Fame , an online site recognizing the development of rockabilly in which Tennessee played a crucial role , is based in Nashville .	0
how tennessee became a state	Tennessee 's major industries include agriculture , manufacturing , and tourism .	0
how tennessee became a state	Poultry , soybeans , and cattle are the state 's primary agricultural products , and major manufacturing exports include chemicals , transportation equipment , and electrical equipment .	0
how tennessee became a state	The Great Smoky Mountains National Park , the nation 's most visited national park , is headquartered in the eastern part of the state , and a section of the Appalachian Trail roughly follows the Tennessee-North Carolina border .	0
how tennessee became a state	Other major tourist attractions include the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga , the Sunsphere in Knoxville , Dollywood in Pigeon Forge , the Parthenon , the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum , and Ryman Auditorium in Nashville , and Elvis Presley 's Graceland residence and tomb in Memphis .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Dialysis tubing	0
what are dialysis tubes	Dialysis tubing is a type of semi- or partially permeable membrane tubing made from regenerated cellulose or cellophane .	1
what are dialysis tubes	It can be used for diffusion with solutes or osmosis if used with water only .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Osmosis is when water passes through a semi-permeable layer to reach equilibrium .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Diffusion , on the other hand , allows the movement of molecules from high concentration to low concentration .	0
what are dialysis tubes	It will only allow molecules to pass through a semi-permeable membrane or layer if the molecule is small enough to fit through the membrane or a membrane 's pore .	0
what are dialysis tubes	This usually results with the effects of diffusion through a membrane only really affects small molecules , and almost never larger molecules .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Dialysis tubing is used in clinical circumstances to ensure a filtered flow of molecules , preventing the flow of larger solute molecules .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Small molecules can be `` washed '' out of a solution which is pumped through the tubing into a solvent , usually water , which surrounds it and in which they can be flushed away .	0
what are dialysis tubes	In demonstrations of semi-permeable membranes , a solution containing several types of molecules , usually glucose and starch , is placed into a semi-permeable dialysis bag , such as a cellulose membrane with pores , and the bag is sealed with a knot or elastic band .	0
what are dialysis tubes	The sealed dialysis bag is placed in a container of a different solution , or water .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Molecules small enough to pass through the tubing ( water , salts , monosaccharides , and other small molecules ) tend to move into or out of the dialysis bag in the direction of decreasing concentration , therefore displaying diffusion .	0
what are dialysis tubes	Larger molecules ( such as proteins , or polysaccharides ) that have dimensions significantly greater than the pore diameter are retained inside the dialysis bag .	0
what are dialysis tubes	The water and smaller solutes in a hypotonic solution ( a solution that has a lesser solute concentration than the solution it is referenced to ) will cross a semi-permeable membrane , like dialysis tubing , into a hypertonic solution ( a solution that has a higher solute concentration than the solution it is referenced to ) in an attempt to reach equilibrium , where the solute concentration of each solution is in equilibrium .	0
what division is boise state football	The Boise State Broncos football program represents Boise State University in college football and compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of Division I as a member of the Mountain West Conference .	1
what division is boise state football	They are currently led by head coach Chris Petersen and play their home games at Bronco Stadium .	0
what is surname and given name	First/given , middle , and last/family/surname diagram with J. S. Bach as example .	0
what is surname and given name	J. S. Bach shared his given name with six immediate family members and many extended family members .	0
what is surname and given name	He shared his family name with most family members .	0
what is surname and given name	A given name , in Western contexts often referred to as a first name , is a personal name that specifies and differentiates between members of a group of individuals , especially in a family , all of whose members usually share the same family name ( surname ) .	1
what is surname and given name	A given name is purposefully given , usually by a child 's parents at or near birth , in contrast to an inherited one such as a family name .	0
what is surname and given name	A given name is sometimes legally changed through a name change .	0
what is surname and given name	Given names are often used in a familiar and friendly manner in informal situations .	0
what is surname and given name	In more formal situations the surname is used instead , unless it is necessary to distinguish between people with the same surname .	0
what is surname and given name	The idiom `` on a first-name basis '' ( or `` on first-name terms '' ) alludes to the familiarity of addressing another by a given name .	0
what is surname and given name	The western style of having both a family name ( surname ) and a given name is far from universal .	0
what is surname and given name	In many countries it is common for ordinary people to have only one name ( a mononym ) .	0
what is evoked otoacoustic emissions	An otoacoustic emission ( OAE ) is a sound which is generated from within the inner ear .	1
what is evoked otoacoustic emissions	Having been predicted by Thomas Gold in 1948 , its existence was first demonstrated experimentally by David Kemp in 1978 and otoacoustic emissions have since been shown to arise by a number of different cellular mechanisms within the inner ear .	0
what is evoked otoacoustic emissions	Studies have shown that OAEs disappear after the inner ear has been damaged , so OAEs are often used in the laboratory and the clinic as a measure of inner ear health .	0
what is evoked otoacoustic emissions	Broadly speaking , there are two types of otoacoustic emissions : spontaneous otoacoustic emissions ( SOAEs ) , which can occur without external stimulation , and evoked otoacoustic emissions ( EOAEs ) , which require an evoking stimulus .	0
what is sump pump used for	A small submersible AC sump pump with a garden hose connector	0
what is sump pump used for	A sump pump is a pump used to remove water that has accumulated in a water collecting sump basin , commonly found in the basement of homes .	1
what is sump pump used for	The water may enter via the perimeter drains of a basement waterproofing system , funneling into the basin or because of rain or natural ground water , if the basement is below the water table level .	0
what is sump pump used for	Sump pumps are used where basement flooding happens regularly and to remedy dampness where the water table is above the foundation of a home .	0
what is sump pump used for	Sump pumps send water away from a house to any place where it is no longer problematic , such as a municipal storm drain or a dry well .	0
what is sump pump used for	Pumps may discharge to the sanitary sewer in older installations .	0
what is sump pump used for	Once considered acceptable , this practice may now violate the plumbing code or municipal bylaws , because it can overwhelm the municipal sewage treatment system .	0
what is sump pump used for	Municipalities urge homeowners to disconnect and reroute sump pump discharge away from sanitary sewers .	0
what is sump pump used for	Fines may be imposed for noncompliance .	0
what is sump pump used for	Many homeowners have inherited their sump pump configurations and do not realize that the pump discharges to the sewer .	0
what is sump pump used for	If the discharge is fed to a laundry sink in the basement , it 's likely going to the sewer .	0
what is sump pump used for	Usually hardwired into a home 's electrical system , sump pumps may have a battery backup .	0
what is sump pump used for	The home 's pressurized water supply powers some pumps , eliminating the need for electricity at the expense of using potable water , potentially making them more expensive to operate than electrical pumps and creating an additional water disposal problem .	0
what is sump pump used for	Since a sump basin may overflow if not constantly pumped , a backup system is important for cases when the main power is out for prolonged periods of time , as during a severe storm .	0
what is sump pump used for	There are generally two types of sump pumps — pedestal and submersible .	0
what is sump pump used for	The pedestal pump 's motor is mounted above the sump , where it is more easily serviced , but is also more conspicuous .	0
what is sump pump used for	The pump impeller is driven by a long , vertical extension shaft and the impeller is in a scroll housing in the base of the pump .	0
what is sump pump used for	The submersible pump is entirely mounted inside the sump , and is specially sealed to prevent electrical short circuits .	0
what is sump pump used for	Sump pump systems are also utilized in industrial and commercial applications to control water table -related problems in surface soil .	0
what is sump pump used for	An artesian aquifer or periodic high water table situation can cause the ground to become unstable due to water saturation .	0
what is sump pump used for	As long as the pump functions , the surface soil will remain stable .	0
what is sump pump used for	These sumps are typically ten feet in depth or more ; lined with corrugated metal pipe that contains perforations or drain holes throughout .	0
what is sump pump used for	They may include electronic control systems with visual and audible alarms and are usually covered to prevent debris and animals from falling in .	0
when slavery abolished	Slavery in the United States existed from the early years of the colonial period ; it was firmly established by the time the United States sought independence from Great Britain in 1776 .	0
when slavery abolished	However , by 1804 , all states north of the Mason and Dixon Line had either abolished slavery outright or passed laws for the gradual abolition of slavery .	0
when slavery abolished	In 1787 Congress prohibited slavery in the Northwest Territory .	0
when slavery abolished	But slavery gained new life in the South with the cotton industry after 1800 , and expanded into the Southwest .	0
when slavery abolished	The nation was polarized into slave and free states along the Mason-Dixon Line , which separated Pennsylvania and Maryland .	0
when slavery abolished	The United States and Great Britain both prohibited the international slave trade in 1808 , but the domestic trade , with sales to the Deep South , expanded dramatically , and many captives were shipped by the coastwise slave trade .	0
when slavery abolished	Before the 1840s , the South was vigorously defending slavery and its expansion into the territories .	0
when slavery abolished	In the North some abolitionists denounced it as sinful , and numerous anti-slavery forces rejected it as detrimental to the rights of free men .	0
when slavery abolished	After failed compromises and Abraham Lincoln 's election , in 1861 eleven slave states broke away to form the Confederate States of America , leading to the American Civil War .	0
when slavery abolished	The federal government in 1862 made abolition of slavery a war goal .	0
when slavery abolished	In January 1863 President Lincoln freed slaves in the Confederacy through the Emancipation Proclamation .	1
when slavery abolished	After the war , the Thirteenth Amendment , effective December 1865 , abolished slavery throughout the entire United States , including the Border states and the Indian territories .	1
when slavery abolished	From the 16th to the 19th centuries , an estimated 12 million Africans were shipped as slaves to the Americas .	0
when slavery abolished	See Slavery in the Americas .	0
when slavery abolished	The great majority went to the sugar plantations of the West Indies or Brazil , where mortality was high .	0
when slavery abolished	About 645,000 were brought to what is now the United States .	0
when slavery abolished	By the 1860 United States Census , the slave population in the American South had grown to four million .	0
when slavery abolished	Of all 1,515,605 families in the 15 slave states , nearly 400,000 held slaves ( roughly one in four ) , amounting to 8 % of all American families .	0
when slavery abolished	While some slaves worked as house servants and urban artisans , the great majority worked on plantations or large farms , cultivating lucrative cash crops , such as rice , tobacco , sugar and , after 1800 , chiefly cotton .	0
when slavery abolished	By 1860 most slaves were held in the Deep South , where they served in work-gangs ; two-thirds worked in cotton .	0
when slavery abolished	In small operations , they worked with their owners .	0
when slavery abolished	In large plantations they were directed by white paid overseers .	0
when slavery abolished	Under the system that became chattel slavery ( ownership of a human being , and of his/her descendants ) , a racial element was fundamental : slaves were blacks of African descent and owned , almost universally , by whites of European descent .	0
when slavery abolished	In the 17th century , Virginia , followed by other southern colonies , enacted law that children of slave mothers were born into slavery .	0
when slavery abolished	Slaves could gain freedom only by running away ( which was difficult and illegal to do ) , or by manumission by owners , which was regulated by states , and became increasingly difficult or prohibited .	0
when slavery abolished	In the earliest era of chattel slavery , the colonies also organized work by a system of bonded labor known as indentured servitude .	0
when slavery abolished	This typically lasted for several years for both poor Europeans and Africans alike , to pay off the costs of transport to the colonies .	0
when slavery abolished	They contracted for such arrangements because of poor economies in their home countries .	0
when slavery abolished	Between 1680 and 1700 , as fewer Europeans migrated to the colonies , planters began to import more Africans as slaves .	0
when slavery abolished	Recognizing the importance of slavery , the House of Burgesses in Virginia enacted a new slave code in 1705 ; it combined a variety of legislation and added new provisions enforcing white supremacy in the law .	0
where do women ejeculation exactly coming from	Female ejaculation is the expulsion of fluid by human females from the paraurethral ducts through and around the female urethra during or before an orgasm .	1
where do women ejeculation exactly coming from	It is also known colloquially as gushing or squirting , although these are considered to be different phenomena in some research publications .	0
where do women ejeculation exactly coming from	The exact source and nature of the fluid continue to be a topic of debate among medical professionals , which is also related to doubts over the existence of the G-Spot .	0
how did seminole war end	A reenactment of a battle at Fort Foster , 1837 ( at Hillsborough River State Park )	0
how did seminole war end	The Seminole Wars , also known as the Florida Wars , were three conflicts in Florida between the Seminole — the collective name given to the amalgamation of various groups of native Americans and Black people who settled in Florida in the early 18th century — and the United States Army .	0
how did seminole war end	The First Seminole War was from 1814 to 1819 ( although sources differ ) , the Second Seminole War from 1835 to 1842 , and the Third Seminole War from 1855 to 1858 .	0
how did seminole war end	The first conflict with the Seminoles arose out of tensions relating to General Andrew Jackson 's attack and destruction of Negro Fort in Florida in 1816 .	0
how did seminole war end	Jackson also attacked the Spanish at Pensacola .	0
how did seminole war end	Ultimately , the Spanish Crown ceded the colony to United States rule .	1
where the streets have no name filming location	`` Where the Streets Have No Name '' is a song by rock band U2 .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	It is the opening track from their 1987 album The Joshua Tree and was released as the album 's third single in August 1987 .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	The song 's hook is a repeating guitar arpeggio using a delay effect , played during the song 's introduction and again at the end .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	Lead vocalist Bono wrote the lyrics in response to the notion that it is possible to identify a person 's religion and income based on the street on which they lived , particularly in Belfast .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	During the band 's difficulties recording the song , producer Brian Eno considered erasing the song 's tapes to have them start from scratch .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	`` Where the Streets Have No Name '' was praised by critics and became a commercial success , peaking at number thirteen in the US , number fourteen in Canada , number ten in the Netherlands , and number four in the United Kingdom .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	The song has become one of the band 's most popular songs and has remained a staple of their live act since the song debuted in 1987 on The Joshua Tree Tour .	0
where the streets have no name filming location	The song was notably performed on a Los Angeles rooftop for the filming of its music video , which won a Grammy Award for Best Performance Music Video .Recently the song has been used by the NFL 's Baltimore Ravens as their entrance song in Super Bowl XLVII	1
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	Mark Elliot Zuckerberg ( born May 14 , 1984 ) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	He is best known as one of five co-founders of the social networking website Facebook .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	As of April 2013 , Zuckerberg is the chairman and chief executive of Facebook , Inc. and in 2013 his personal wealth was estimated to be US $ 13 .3 billion .	1
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	Together with his college roommates and fellow Harvard University students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes , Zuckerberg launched Facebook from Harvard 's dormitory rooms .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	The group then introduced Facebook onto other campuses nationwide and moved to Palo Alto , California , United States ( U.S. ) shortly afterwards .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	In 2007 , at the age of twenty-three years , Zuckerberg became a billionaire as a result of Facebook and the number of Facebook users worldwide reached a total of one billion in 2012 .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes that were initiated by others in the group , who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	Since 2010 , Zuckerberg has been named among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world by Time magazine as a part of its Person of the Year accolade .	0
who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK	Zuckerberg was played by actor Jesse Eisenberg in the 2010 Hollywood film The Social Network in which the rise of Facebook is portrayed .	0
who was ho chi minh in vietnam war	Hồ Chí Minh ( Northern Vietnamese pronunciation : , Southern Vietnamese pronunciation : ) ; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969 ) , born Nguyễn Sinh Cung and also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành and Nguyễn Ái Quốc , was a Vietnamese communist revolutionary leader who was prime minister ( 1945–1955 ) and president ( 1945–1969 ) of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( North Vietnam ) .	0
who was ho chi minh in vietnam war	He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 , as well as the People’s Army of Vietnam ( PAVN ) and the Việt Cộng ( NLF or VC ) during the Vietnam War .	1
who was ho chi minh in vietnam war	He led the Việt Minh independence movement from 1941 onward , establishing the communist -ruled Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945 and defeating the French Union in 1954 at the battle of Điện Biên Phủ .	0
who was ho chi minh in vietnam war	He officially stepped down from power in 1955 due to health problems , but remained a highly visible figurehead and inspiration for those Vietnamese fighting for his cause—a united , communist Vietnam—until his death .	0
who was ho chi minh in vietnam war	After the war , Saigon , capital of the Republic of Vietnam , was renamed Hồ Chí Minh City .	0
what is homebrew for wii ?	Wii homebrew refers to the reuse of Nintendo 's Wii game console to run software that has not been authorized by Nintendo .	1
what is homebrew for wii ?	It achieves this by defeating the Wii 's copy protection and code signing measures .	0
what is homebrew for wii ?	In more general terms , Wii Homebrew refers to the use of the Wii 's hardware , accessories and software for purposes outside those intended by the manufacturer .	0
what is homebrew for wii ?	Original efforts focused on using the Wii Remote as a pointing device on other operating systems , or running web-based games in the built-in web browser .	0
what is homebrew for wii ?	Subsequent developments in games exploits , such as the `` Twilight hack `` , `` Bannerbomb '' and its later incarnation `` LetterBomb '' , `` Smash Stack '' , `` Indiana Pwns '' , `` Yu-Gi-OWNED '' , `` bathaxx '' , and `` Return of the Jodi '' , made installing the `` Homebrew Channel `` possible .	0
what it takes aerosmith album	`` What It Takes '' is a power ballad by American hard rock band Aerosmith .	1
what it takes aerosmith album	It was written by Steven Tyler , Joe Perry , and Desmond Child .	0
what it takes aerosmith album	It was released in 1990 as the third single from Aerosmith 's critically and commercially successful 1989 album Pump .	1
what it takes aerosmith album	In the video The Making of Pump , A & R man John Kalodner described the song as `` a masterpiece '' .	0
what it takes aerosmith album	During live performances , Tyler sings the first verse a cappella and belts out one of his signature screams right before the chorus .	0
what it takes aerosmith album	The album version of the song is followed by an untitled hidden track .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	The 2010 FIFA World Cup was the 19th FIFA World Cup , the world championship for men 's national association football teams .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	It took place in South Africa from 11 June to 11 July 2010 .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	The bidding process for hosting the tournament finals was open only to African nations ; in 2004 , the international football federation , FIFA , selected South Africa over Egypt and Morocco to become the first African nation to host the finals .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	The matches were played in ten stadiums in nine host cities around the country , with the final played at the Soccer City stadium in South Africa 's largest city , Johannesburg .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	Thirty-two teams were selected for participation via a worldwide qualification tournament that began in August 2007 .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	In the first round of the tournament finals , the teams competed in round-robin groups of four teams for points , with the top two teams in each group proceeding .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	These sixteen teams advanced to the knockout stage , where three rounds of play decided which teams would participate in the final .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	In the final , Spain , the European champions , defeated third-time finalists the Netherlands 1–0 after extra time , with Andrés Iniesta 's goal in the 116th minute giving Spain their first world title , becoming the eighth nation to win the tournament , and the first European nation to win the tournament outside its home continent .	1
who won fifa world cup 2010	Host nation South Africa , 2006 world champions Italy and 2006 runners-up France were all eliminated in the first round of the tournament .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	It was the first time that the hosts were eliminated in the first round .	0
who won fifa world cup 2010	New Zealand with their three draws were the only undefeated team in the tournament , but were also eliminated in the first round .	0
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	Lobby of Jambo House	0
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	Giraffe on the savannah at Jambo House	0
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	Disney 's Animal Kingdom Lodge is an African-themed deluxe resort at the Walt Disney World Resort .	0
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	It opened on April 16 , 2001 .	1
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	The resort is owned and operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts .	0
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	Disney 's Animal Kingdom Lodge is located in the Animal Kingdom Resort Area , adjacent to Disney 's Animal Kingdom .	0
what year did disney 's animal kingdom lodge open	It gives guests the opportunity to view grazing wildlife outside their rooms and public areas in the resort within proximity of the animals , conveying the feeling of being in an African savanna .	0
how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones	350px	0
how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones	Humans are born with over 270 bones , some of which fuse together into a longitudinal axis , the axial skeleton , to which the appendicular skeleton is attached .	1
when was scooby doo created	Scooby-Doo is an American animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day .	1
when was scooby doo created	The original series , Scooby-Doo , Where Are You !	0
when was scooby doo created	, was created for Hanna-Barbera Productions by writers Joe Ruby and Ken Spears in 1969 .	0
when was scooby doo created	This Saturday morning cartoon series featured four teenagers— Fred Jones , Daphne Blake , Velma Dinkley , and Norville `` Shaggy '' Rogers — and their talking brown Great Dane dog named Scooby-Doo , who solve mysteries involving supposedly supernatural creatures through a series of antics and missteps .	0
when was scooby doo created	Following the success of the original series , Hanna-Barbera and its successor Warner Bros . Animation have produced numerous follow-up and spin-off animated series and several related works , including television specials and telefilms , a line of direct-to-video films , and two Warner Bros. –produced theatrical feature films .	0
when was scooby doo created	Some versions of Scooby-Doo feature different variations on the show 's supernatural theme , and include characters such as Scooby 's cousin Scooby-Dum and nephew Scrappy-Doo in addition to or instead of some of the original characters .	0
when was scooby doo created	Scooby-Doo was originally broadcast on CBS from 1969 to 1976 , when it moved to ABC .	0
when was scooby doo created	ABC aired the show until canceling it in 1986 , and presented a spin-off featuring the characters as children , A Pup Named Scooby-Doo , from 1988 until 1991 .	0
when was scooby doo created	Two new Scooby-Doo series , What 's New , Scooby-Doo ?	0
when was scooby doo created	and Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a a Clue ! ] ] , aired as part of Kids WB on The WB network and its successor , The CW network , from 2002 until 2008 .	0
when was scooby doo created	The most recent Scooby-Doo series , Scooby-Doo !	0
when was scooby doo created	Mystery Incorporated , aired on Cartoon Network from 2010 to 2013 .	0
when was scooby doo created	Repeats of the various Scooby-Doo series are broadcast frequently on Cartoon Network and Boomerang in the United States and other countries .	0
what is black hairy tongue disease	Black hairy tongue ( BHT , also termed lingua villosa nigra ) refers to a condition of the tongue where the filiform papillae elongate with black or brown discoloration , giving a black and hairy appearance .	1
what is black hairy tongue disease	The appearance may be alarming , but it is a harmless condition .	0
what is black hairy tongue disease	Predisposing factors include smoking , xerostomia ( dry mouth ) , soft diet , poor oral hygiene and certain medications .	0
what is black hairy tongue disease	Management is by improving oral hygiene , especially scraping or brushing the tongue .	0
what are stink bombs made of	A prank stink bomb .	0
what are stink bombs made of	A stink bomb is a device designed to create an unpleasant smell .	0
what are stink bombs made of	They range in effectiveness from simple pranks to military grade malodorants or riot control chemical agents .	0
what are stink bombs made of	The Guinness Book of Records lists two smelliest substances .	0
what are stink bombs made of	One is `` US Government Standard Bathroom Malodor '' ; a mixture of eight chemicals with a stench resembling human feces , only much stronger , designed to test the efficacy of deodorizers and air fresheners .	1
what are stink bombs made of	Another one , `` Who me ? `` , is a mixture of five sulfur-containing chemicals and smells like rotting food and carcasses .	1
what countries are in central america ?	Central America ( ) is the central geographic region of the Americas .	0
what countries are in central america ?	It is the southernmost , isthmian portion of the North American continent , which connects with South America on the southeast .	0
what countries are in central america ?	When considered part of the unified continental model , it is considered a subcontinent .	0
what countries are in central america ?	Central America consists of seven countries : Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .	1
what countries are in central america ?	Central America is part of the Mesoamerican biodiversity hotspot , which extends from northern Guatemala through central Panama .	0
what countries are in central america ?	It is bordered by Mexico to the north , the Caribbean Sea to the east , the North Pacific Ocean to the west , and Colombia to the south-east .	0
what countries are in central america ?	Central America is an area of , or almost 0.1 % of the Earth 's surface .	0
what countries are in central america ?	As of 2009 , its population was estimated at 41,739,000 .	0
what countries are in central america ?	It has a density of 77 people per square kilometer .	0
how many redwall books are there	Redwall , by Brian Jacques , is a series of children 's fantasy novels .	0
how many redwall books are there	It is the title of the first book of the series , published in 1986 , as well as the name of the Abbey featured in the book and the name of an animated TV series based on three of the novels ( Redwall , Mattimeo , and Martin the Warrior ) , which first aired in 1999 .	0
how many redwall books are there	The books are primarily aimed at older children , but have fans of all ages .	0
how many redwall books are there	There have been twenty-two novels and two picture books published .	1
how many redwall books are there	The twenty-second , and final , novel , The Rogue Crew , was posthumously released on May 3 , 2011 .	0
what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do	The temporal lobe is a region of the cerebral cortex that is located beneath the lateral fissure on both cerebral hemispheres of the mammalian brain .	0
what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do	The temporal lobes are involved in the retention of visual memories , processing sensory input , comprehending language , storing new memories , emotion , and deriving meaning .	1
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis	Who Moved My Cheese ?	0
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis	An Amazing Way to Deal with Change in Your Work and in Your Life , published in 1998 , is a motivational book by Spencer Johnson written in the style of a parable or business fable .	0
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis	It describes change in one 's work and life , and four typical reactions to said change by two mice and two `` littlepeople '' , during their hunt for cheese .	1
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis	A New York Times business bestseller since release , Who Moved My Cheese ?	0
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis	remained on the list for almost five years and spent over 200 weeks on Publishers Weekly 's hardcover nonfiction list .	0
Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis	It has sold more than 26 million copies worldwide in 37 languages and remains to be one of the best-selling business books .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Richard Milhous Nixon ( January 9 , 1913 – April 22 , 1994 ) was the 37th President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1974 , when he became the only president to resign the office .	1
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon had previously served as a Republican U.S. representative and senator from California and as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon was born in Yorba Linda , California .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He graduated from Whittier College in 1934 and Duke University School of Law in 1937 , returning to California to practice law .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He and his wife , Pat Nixon , moved to Washington to work for the federal government in 1942 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He subsequently served in the United States Navy during World War II .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon was elected in California to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	His pursuit of the Alger Hiss case established his reputation as a leading anti-communist , and elevated him to national prominence .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon served for eight years as vice president .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960 , narrowly losing to John F. Kennedy , and lost a race for Governor of California in 1962 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	In 1968 , he ran again for the presidency and was elected .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Although Nixon initially escalated America 's involvement in the Vietnam War , he subsequently ended U.S. involvement in 1973 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon 's visit to the People 's Republic of China in 1972 opened diplomatic relations between the two nations , and he initiated détente and the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with the Soviet Union the same year .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Domestically , his administration generally embraced policies that transferred power from Washington to the states .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Among other things , he launched initiatives to fight cancer and illegal drugs , imposed wage and price controls , enforced desegregation of some Southern schools , and established the Environmental Protection Agency .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Though he presided over the lunar landings beginning with Apollo 11 , he scaled back manned space exploration .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He was re-elected by a landslide in 1972 .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	Nixon 's second term saw an Arab oil embargo , the resignation of his vice president , Spiro Agnew , and a continuing series of revelations about the Watergate scandal and other misconduct by members of the administration .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	The scandal escalated , costing Nixon much of his political support , and on August 9 , 1974 , he resigned in the face of almost certain impeachment and removal from office .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	After his resignation , he controversially received a pardon issued by his successor , Gerald Ford .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	In retirement , Nixon 's work as an elder statesman , authoring several books and undertaking many foreign trips , helped to rehabilitate his public image .	0
how long was richard nixon a president	He suffered a debilitating stroke on April 18 , 1994 , and died four days later at the age of 81 .	0
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	Commonwealth is a traditional English term for a political community founded for the common good .	1
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	Historically , it has sometimes been synonymous with `` republic `` .	0
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	More recently it has been used for fraternal associations of some sovereign nations .	0
what does it mean to be a commonwealth state	Most notably , the Commonwealth of Nations , an association primarily of former members of the British Empire , is often referred to as simply `` the Commonwealth '' .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Madrid ( , ) is the capital and largest city of Spain .	1
what country is madrid spain in	The population of the city is roughly 3.3 million and the entire population of the Madrid metropolitan area is calculated to be around 6.5 million .	0
what country is madrid spain in	It is the third-largest city in the European Union , after London and Berlin , and its metropolitan area is the third-largest in the European Union after London and Paris .	0
what country is madrid spain in	The city spans a total of .	0
what country is madrid spain in	The city is located on the Manzanares river in the centre of both the country and the Community of Madrid ( which comprises the city of Madrid , its conurbation and extended suburbs and villages ) ; this community is bordered by the autonomous communities of Castile and León and Castile-La Mancha .	0
what country is madrid spain in	As the capital city of Spain , seat of government , and residence of the Spanish monarch , Madrid is also the political , economic and cultural centre of Spain .	0
what country is madrid spain in	The current mayor is Ana Botella from the People 's Party ( PP ) .	0
what country is madrid spain in	The Madrid urban agglomeration has the third-largest GDP in the European Union and its influences in politics , education , entertainment , environment , media , fashion , science , culture , and the arts all contribute to its status as one of the world 's major global cities .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Due to its economic output , high standard of living , and market size , Madrid is considered the major financial centre of Southern Europe and the Iberian Peninsula ; it hosts the head offices of the vast majority of the major Spanish companies , such as Telefónica , Iberia or Repsol .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Madrid is the most touristic city of Spain , the fourth-most touristic of the continent , and the seventh most visited city in the world according to Forbes .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Is the 10th most livable city in the world according to Monocle magazine , in its 2010 index .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Madrid also ranks among the 12 greenest European cities in 2010. < ref name= '' http : //www.citymayors.com/environment/greenest-cities-europe.html '' > Madrid is currently a Candidate City for the 2020 Summer Olympics .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Madrid houses the headquarters of the World Tourism Organization ( WTO ) , belonging to the United Nations Organization ( UN ) , the SEGIB , the Organization of Ibero-American States ( OEI ) , and the Public Interest Oversight Board ( PIOB ) .	0
what country is madrid spain in	It also hosts major international institutions regulators of Spanish : the Standing Committee of the Association of Spanish Language Academies , headquarters of the Royal Spanish Academy ( RAE ) , the Cervantes Institute and the Foundation of Urgent Spanish ( Fundéu ) .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Madrid organizes fairs as FITUR , ARCO , SIMO TCI and the Cibeles Madrid Fashion Week .	0
what country is madrid spain in	While Madrid possesses a modern infrastructure , it has preserved the look and feel of many of its historic neighbourhoods and streets .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Its landmarks include the Royal Palace of Madrid ; the Teatro Real ( Royal theatre ) with its restored 1850 Opera House ; the Buen Retiro Park , founded in 1631 ; the 19th-century National Library building ( founded in 1712 ) containing some of Spain 's historical archives ; a large number of National museums , and the Golden Triangle of Art , located along the Paseo del Prado and comprising three art museums : Prado Museum , the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía , a museum of modern art , and the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum , which completes the shortcomings of the other two museums .	0
what country is madrid spain in	Cibeles Palace and Fountain have become the monument symbol of the city .	0
what is a gasser car	A gasser was a type of hot rod originating on the dragstrips of the United States in the late 1950s and continued until the early 1970s .	1
what is a gasser car	Gassers were based on production models from the 1930s to mid-1960s , which have been stripped of extraneous weight and jacked up using a truck beam axle to provide better weight distribution on acceleration ( Beam axles are also lighter than an independent front suspension ) , though a raised stock front suspension is common as well .	0
what is a gasser car	Common weight reduction techniques include fiberglass body panels , stripped interiors and plexiglass windows ( sometimes color tinted ) .	0
what is a gasser car	Because they were primarily built for racing , these cars typically had the engine swapped to a larger or more powerful one , the existing stock engine modified ( often heavily ) or both .	0
what is a gasser car	It was very common to fit a Roots supercharger and mechanical fuel injection , such as one from Algon , Hilborn , or Crower .	0
what is a gasser car	With form being dictated by function , their appearance is often very top heavy and ungainly , largely due to front ends being raised higher than stock , to assist in the weight transfer during rapid acceleration ( racing ) .	0
what is a gasser car	Having their exhaust pipes exit through the front fender well is a common characteristic of gassers , as is having bodies painted in flamboyant metalflakes , pearls , and candy finishes complemented by lettering in wild fonts .	0
what is a gasser car	The name arose because they competed in a gasoline -fueled drag racing class , rather than one using methanol or nitromethane .	0
what is a gasser car	The gasser is the predecessor of the modern Funny Car .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	Typical eukaryotic cell .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	Cellular respiration is the set of the metabolic reactions and processes that take place in the cells of organisms to convert biochemical energy from nutrients into adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , and then release waste products .	1
where does cellular respiration occur	The reactions involved in respiration are catabolic reactions , which break large molecules into smaller ones , releasing energy in the process as weak so-called `` high-energy '' bonds are replaced by stronger bonds in the products .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	Respiration is one of the key ways a cell gains useful energy to fuel cellular activity .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	Cellular respiration is considered an exothermic redox reaction .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	The overall reaction is broken into many smaller ones when it occurs in the body , most of which are redox reactions themselves .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	Although technically , cellular respiration is a combustion reaction , it clearly does not resemble one when it occurs in a living cell .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	This difference is because it occurs in many separate steps .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	While the overall reaction is a combustion reaction , no single reaction that comprises it is a combustion reaction .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	Nutrients that are commonly used by animal and plant cells in respiration include sugar , amino acids and fatty acids , and a common oxidizing agent ( electron acceptor ) is molecular oxygen ( O2 ) .	0
where does cellular respiration occur	The energy stored in ATP ( its third phosphate group is weakly bonded to the rest of the molecule and is cheaply broken allowing stronger bonds to form , thereby transferring energy for use by the cell ) can then be used to drive processes requiring energy , including biosynthesis , locomotion or transportation of molecules across cell membranes .	0
how fire extinguisher works	A stored-pressure fire extinguisher made by Amerex	0
how fire extinguisher works	A British fire extinguisher with ID sign , call point and fire action sign	0
how fire extinguisher works	A fire extinguisher , flame extinguisher , or simply an extinguisher , is an active fire protection device used to extinguish or control small fires , often in emergency situations .	0
how fire extinguisher works	It is not intended for use on an out-of-control fire , such as one which has reached the ceiling , endangers the user ( i.e. , no escape route , smoke , explosion hazard , etc . ) , or otherwise requires the expertise of a fire department .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Typically , a fire extinguisher consists of a hand-held cylindrical pressure vessel containing an agent which can be discharged to extinguish a fire .	0
how fire extinguisher works	In the United States , fire extinguishers , in all buildings other than houses , are generally required to be serviced and inspected by a Fire Protection service company at least annually .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Some jurisdictions require more frequent service for fire extinguishers .	0
how fire extinguisher works	The servicer places a tag on the extinguisher to indicate the type of service performed ( annual inspection , recharge , new fire extinguisher ) and when .	0
how fire extinguisher works	There are two main types of fire extinguishers : stored pressure and cartridge-operated .	0
how fire extinguisher works	In stored pressure units , the expellant is stored in the same chamber as the firefighting agent itself .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Depending on the agent used , different propellants are used .	0
how fire extinguisher works	With dry chemical extinguishers , nitrogen is typically used ; water and foam extinguishers typically use air .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Stored pressure fire extinguishers are the most common type .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Cartridge-operated extinguishers contain the expellant gas in a separate cartridge that is punctured prior to discharge , exposing the propellant to the extinguishing agent .	1
how fire extinguisher works	This type is not as common , used primarily in areas such as industrial facilities , where they receive higher-than-average use .	0
how fire extinguisher works	They have the advantage of simple and prompt recharge , allowing an operator to discharge the extinguisher , recharge it , and return to the fire in a reasonable amount of time .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Unlike stored pressure types , these extinguishers use compressed carbon dioxide instead of nitrogen , although nitrogen cartridges are used on low temperature ( -60 rated ) models .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Cartridge operated extinguishers are available in dry chemical and dry powder types in the U.S. and in water , wetting agent , foam , dry chemical ( classes ABC and B.C . ) , and dry powder ( class D ) types in the rest of the world .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Fire extinguishers are further divided into handheld and cart-mounted , also called wheeled extinguishers .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Handheld extinguishers weigh from 0.5 to 14 kilograms ( 1 to 30 pounds ) , and are hence , easily portable by hand .	0
how fire extinguisher works	Cart-mounted units typically weigh 23+ kilograms ( 50+ pounds ) .	0
how fire extinguisher works	These wheeled models are most commonly found at construction sites , airport runways , heliports , as well as docks and marinas .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	Super Bowl XXV was an American football game between the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Buffalo Bills and the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion New York Giants to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 1990 season .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	The Giants defeated the Bills by the score of 20–19 , winning their second ever Super Bowl .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	It is the only Super Bowl decided by one point .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	The game was held at Tampa Stadium in Tampa , Florida , on January 27 , 1991 , during the height of the Gulf War .	1
where was the super bowl in 1991	It was thus played under much patriotic fervor .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	The proceedings included a rousing rendition of `` The Star-Spangled Banner `` by Whitney Houston during the pregame ceremonies .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	The Bills and their explosive no-huddle offense were making their first Super Bowl appearance after finishing the regular season with a 13-3 record , and leading the league in total points scored with 428 .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	In advancing to their second Super Bowl , the Giants also posted a 13-3 regular season record , but with a ball-control offense and a defense that allowed a league low 211 points .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	The game is best remembered for Bills placekicker Scott Norwood 's last-second field goal attempt which went wide right of the uprights , leading to a Giants victory , and starting a four-game losing streak in the Super Bowl for the Bills .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	The Giants set a Super Bowl record holding possession of the ball for 40 minutes and 33 seconds .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	New York also overcame a 12-3 second-quarter deficit , and made a 75-yard touchdown drive that consumed a Super Bowl record 9:29 off the clock .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	Giants running back Ottis Anderson , who carried the ball 21 times for 102 yards and one touchdown , was named Super Bowl MVP .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	He was the first awardee to receive the newly named `` Pete Rozelle Trophy '' ( named for the former commissioner ) .	0
where was the super bowl in 1991	Anderson also recorded one reception for seven yards .	0
what is that dot on the forehead of indian women\	Bride with Bindi decorated forehead	0
what is that dot on the forehead of indian women\	A bindi ( , from Sanskrit bindu , meaning `` a drop , small particle , dot '' ) , or a pottu/bottu ( in Tamil , Telugu , and Malayalam ) is a forehead decoration worn in South Asia ( particularly India , Bangladesh , Nepal , Sri Lanka and Mauritius ) and Southeast Asia .	1
what is that dot on the forehead of indian women\	Traditionally it is a bright dot of red color applied in the center of the forehead close to the eyebrows , but it can also consist of a sign or piece of jewelry worn at this location .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Francis Albert `` Frank '' Sinatra , , ( December 12 , 1915 – May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer and film actor .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Beginning his musical career in the swing era with Harry James and Tommy Dorsey , Sinatra found unprecedented success as a solo artist from the early to mid-1940s after being signed to Columbia Records in 1943 .	1
how long was frank sinatra famous	Being the idol of the `` bobby soxers `` , he released his first album , The Voice of Frank Sinatra in 1946 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	His professional career had stalled by the 1950s , but it was reborn in 1953 after he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in From Here to Eternity .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	He signed with Capitol Records in 1953 and released several critically lauded albums ( such as In the Wee Small Hours , Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ! , Come Fly with Me , Only the Lonely and Nice 'n ' Easy ) .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra left Capitol to found his own record label , Reprise Records in 1961 ( finding success with albums such as Ring-a-Ding-Ding ! , Sinatra at the Sands and Francis Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobim ) , toured internationally , was a founding member of the Rat Pack and fraternized with celebrities and statesmen , including John F. Kennedy .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra turned 50 in 1965 , recorded the retrospective September of My Years , starred in the Emmy -winning television special Frank Sinatra : A Man and His Music , and scored hits with `` Strangers in the Night `` and `` My Way `` .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	With sales of his music dwindling and after appearing in several poorly received films , Sinatra retired for the first time in 1971 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Two years later , however , he came out of retirement and in 1973 recorded several albums , scoring a Top 40 hit with `` ( Theme From ) New York , New York `` in 1980 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Using his Las Vegas shows as a home base , he toured both within the United States and internationally , until a short time before his death in 1998 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra also forged a highly successful career as a film actor .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	After winning Best Supporting Actor in 1953 , he also garnered a nomination for Best Actor for The Man with the Golden Arm , and critical acclaim for his performance in The Manchurian Candidate .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	He also starred in such musicals as High Society , Pal Joey , Guys and Dolls and On the Town .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra was honored at the Kennedy Center Honors in 1983 and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Ronald Reagan in 1985 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 1997 .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	He was the recipient of eleven Grammy Awards , including the Grammy Trustees Award , Grammy Legend Award and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award .	0
how long was frank sinatra famous	Sinatra is also one of world’s best-selling artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million copies worldwide .	0
when can you use a defibulator	View of defibrillator electrode position and placement .	0
when can you use a defibulator	Defibrillation is a common treatment for life-threatening cardiac dysrhythmias , ventricular fibrillation , and pulseless ventricular tachycardia .	1
when can you use a defibulator	Defibrillation consists of delivering a therapeutic dose of electrical energy to the affected heart with a device called a defibrillator .	0
when can you use a defibulator	This depolarizes a critical mass of the heart muscle , terminates the dysrhythmia , and allows normal sinus rhythm to be reestablished by the body 's natural pacemaker , in the sinoatrial node of the heart .	0
when can you use a defibulator	Defibrillators can be external , transvenous , or implanted , depending on the type of device used or needed .	0
when can you use a defibulator	Some external units , known as automated external defibrillators ( AEDs ) , automate the diagnosis of treatable rhythms , meaning that lay responders or bystanders are able to use them successfully with little , or in some cases no training at all .	0
who sang what a wonderful world	`` What a Wonderful World '' is a song written by Bob Thiele ( as `` George Douglas '' ) and George David Weiss .	0
who sang what a wonderful world	It was first recorded by Louis Armstrong and released as a single in 1967 .	1
who sang what a wonderful world	Thiele and Weiss were both prominent in the music world ( Thiele as a producer and Weiss as a composer/performer ) .	0
who sang what a wonderful world	Armstrong 's recording was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999 .	0
who sang what a wonderful world	The publishing for this song is controlled by Memory Lane Music Group , Carlin Music Corp. , and Bug Music , Inc .	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	Amoxicillin BP	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	Amoxicillin ( INN ) , formerly amoxycillin ( BAN ) , and abbreviated amox , is a moderate-spectrum , bacteriolytic , β-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms .	1
what is amoxicillin for ?	It is usually the drug of choice within the class because it is better absorbed , following oral administration , than other β-lactam antibiotics .	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	Amoxicillin is one of the most common antibiotics prescribed for children .	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	The drug became available in 1972 .	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	Amoxicillin is susceptible to degradation by β-lactamase -producing bacteria , which are resistant to a broad spectrum of β-lactam antibiotics , such as penicillin .	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	For this reason , it is often combined with clavulanic acid , a β-lactamase inhibitor .	0
what is amoxicillin for ?	This increases effectiveness by reducing its susceptibility to β-lactamase resistance .	0
what is quasi judicial agency	A quasi-judicial body is an entity such as an arbitrator or tribunal board , generally of a public administrative agency , which has powers and procedures resembling those of a court of law or judge , and which is obligated to objectively determine facts and draw conclusions from them so as to provide the basis of an official action .	1
what is quasi judicial agency	Such actions are able to remedy a situation or impose legal penalties , and may affect the legal rights , duties or privileges of specific parties .	0
where is jamestown north carolina	Jamestown is a town in Guilford County , North Carolina , United States , and is a suburb of the nearby cities of Greensboro and High Point .	1
where is jamestown north carolina	The population was 3,382 at the 2010 census .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	Artist 's conception of the Curiosity rover vaporizing rock on Mars .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	The rover landed on Mars in August 2012 .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	A Mars rover is an automated motor vehicle which propels itself across the surface of the planet Mars after landing .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	Rovers have several advantages over stationary landers : they examine more territory , they can be directed to interesting features , they can place themselves in sunny positions to weather winter months and they can advance the knowledge of how to perform very remote robotic vehicle control .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	There have been four successful robotically operated Mars rovers .	1
how many land rovers have landed on mars	The Jet Propulsion Laboratory managed the Mars Pathfinder mission and its now inactive Sojourner rover .	0
how many land rovers have landed on mars	It currently manages the Mars Exploration Rover mission 's active Opportunity rover and inactive Spirit , and , as part of the Mars Science Laboratory mission , the Curiosity rover .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	My Babysitter 's a Vampire ( French : Ma gardienne est un vampire ) is a 2011 Canadian television series , based on the television film of the same name .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	In Canada , the series premiered in French on Télétoon on February 28 , 2011 , in English on Teletoon on March 14 , 2011 , and on Disney Channel in the United States on June 27 , 2011 .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	The show was created by Fresh TV , creators of 6teen and Total Drama .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	The show follows Ethan Morgan ( Matthew Knight ) , who , in the television film , learns that his babysitter Sarah ( Vanessa Morgan ) is a vampire .	1
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	In the film , he learns he is able to have visions and his best friend Benny Weir ( Atticus Mitchell ) is a spellmaster .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	The series follows the three as they take on supernatural forces and have adventures , with occasional help from fellow vampires Rory ( Cameron Kennedy ) and Erica ( Kate Todd ) , while dealing with the troubles of regular high school life .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	A second season was confirmed to start production in September 2011 and it first premiered on Disney Channel on June 29 , 2012 , it premiered on Teletoon September 6 , 2012 .	0
who plays ethan in my babysitter 's a vampire	Télétoon started featuring season 2 sneak-peak episodes on October 28 , 2012 and premiered it on January 10 , 2013	0
who is victoria jackson from saturday night live	Victoria Jackson ( born August 2 , 1959 ) is an American comedian , actress , satirist , singer and internet blogger best known as a cast member of the NBC television sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) from 1986 to 1992 .	1
who is victoria jackson from saturday night live	She has received attention as a vocal critic of President Barack Obama , and is an active participant in the Tea Party movement .	0
what is a millwright worker	A millwright is a craftsman or tradesman engaged with the construction and maintenance of machinery .	1
what is a millwright worker	More generally in the English speaking world , early millwrights were specialist carpenters who erected machines used in agriculture , food processing and processing lumber and paper .	0
what is a millwright worker	In the early part of the Industrial Revolution , their skills were pressed into service building the earliest powered textile mills .	0
what is a millwright worker	Modern millwrights work with steel and other materials in addition to wood and must often combine the skills of several skilled trades in order to successfully fabricate industrial machinery or to assemble machines from pre-fabricated parts .	0
what is a millwright worker	The modern millwright must also be able to read blueprints and other schematics to aid him in the construction of complex systems .	0
what is a millwright worker	Millwrights are frequently unionized , with around 45 % unionized in the US , although experienced millwrights often set themselves up as independent contractors .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The `` Betsy Ross '' flag	0
how many stars on the first american flag	A `` Betsy Ross '' flag flying outside San Francisco City Hall	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The Betsy Ross flag is an early design of the flag of the United States , popularly attributed to Betsy Ross , using the common motifs of alternating red-and-white striped field with five-pointed stars in a blue canton .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The flag was designed during the American Revolution and features 13 stars to represent the original 13 colonies .	1
how many stars on the first american flag	The distinctive feature of the Ross flag is the arrangement of the stars in a circle .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	Although the Betsy Ross story is accepted by most Americans , some flag historians and revisionists do not accept the Betsy Ross design as the first American flag .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	According to the traditional account , the original flag was made in June 1776 , when a small committee—including George Washington , Robert Morris and relative George Ross —visited Betsy and discussed the need for a new American flag .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	Betsy accepted the job to manufacture the flag , altering the committee 's design by replacing the six-pointed stars with five-pointed stars .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	While the Betsy Ross legend is questionable , the flag design is known to have been in use by 1777 ; Alfred B . Street described it at the surrender of General Burgoyne and understood the circle of stars to represent equality among the American states .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	It is one of the oldest versions of U.S. flags known to exist ; while it is not the oldest surviving flag artifact in cloth form , its likeness appears on older physical relics , namely , the contemporary battlefield paintings by John Trumbull and Charles Willson Peale .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	They depict the circular star arrangement being flown from ship masts and many other places , and thus provide the first known historical documentation of the flag 's appearance .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The seal of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs uses the Betsy Ross flag to represent service to all veterans from the American Revolution to the present day .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The Betsy Ross design of 13-star US flags has been featured in many popular artworks ( sometimes inaccurately , as in Washington Crossing the Delaware ) and films , such as the 1960 version of Pollyanna .	0
how many stars on the first american flag	The flag continues to be one of the most popular symbols of the American Revolution .	0
what caused ww	Personifications of Germany , France , Russia , Austria-Hungary , and the United Kingdom attempting to keep the lid on the simmering cauldron of imperialist and nationalist tensions in the Balkans to prevent a general European war .	0
what caused ww	They were successful in 1912 and 1913 but did not succeed in in 1914 .	0
what caused ww	The causes of World War I , which began in central Europe in late July 1914 and finished in 1918 , included many factors , such as the conflicts and hostility of the four decades leading up to the war .	1
what caused ww	Militarism , alliances , imperialism , and nationalism played major roles in the conflict as well .	0
what caused ww	The immediate origins of the war , however , lay in the decisions taken by statesmen and generals during the Crisis of 1914 , casus belli for which was the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand ( the Archduke of Austria Hungary ) and his wife Sophie by Gavrilo Princip , an irredentist Serb .	0
what caused ww	The crisis came after a long and difficult series of diplomatic clashes between the Great Powers ( Italy , France , Germany , the British Empire , the Austria-Hungarian Empire and Russia ) over European and colonial issues in the decade before 1914 that had left tensions high .	0
what caused ww	In turn these diplomatic clashes can be traced to changes in the balance of power in Europe since 1867 .	0
what caused ww	The more immediate cause for the war was tensions over territory in the Balkans .	0
what caused ww	Austria-Hungary competed with Serbia and Russia for territory and influence in the region and they pulled the rest of the Great Powers into the conflict through their various alliances and treaties .	0
what caused ww	Although the chain of events unleashed by the assassination triggered the war , the war 's origins go deeper , involving national politics , cultures , economics , and a complex web of alliances and counterbalances that had developed between the various European powers since 1870 .	0
what caused ww	Some of the most important long term or structural causes are : the growth of nationalism across Europe , unresolved territorial disputes , an intricate system of alliances , the perceived breakdown of the balance of power in Europe , convoluted and fragmented governance , the arms races of the previous decades , previous military planning , imperial and colonial rivalry for wealth , power and prestige , and economic and military rivalry in industry and trade – e.g. , the Pig War between Austria and Serbia .	0
what caused ww	Other causes that came into play during the diplomatic crisis that preceded the war included misperceptions of intent ( e.g. , the German belief that the United Kingdom would remain neutral ) and delays and misunderstandings in diplomatic communications .	0
what caused ww	The various categories of explanation for World War I correspond to different historians ' overall methods .	0
what caused ww	Most historians and popular commentators include causes from more than one category of explanation to provide a rounded account of the causes of the war .	0
what caused ww	The deepest distinction among these accounts is between stories that see it as the inevitable and predictable outcome of certain factors , and those that describe it as an arbitrary and unfortunate mistake .	0
what caused ww	In attributing causes for the war , historians and academics had to deal with an unprecedented flood of memoirs and official documents , released as each country involved tried to avoid blame for starting the war .	0
what caused ww	Early releases of information by governments , particularly those released for use by the `` Commission on the Responsibility of the Authors of the War '' were shown to be incomplete and biased .	0
what caused ww	In addition some documents , especially diplomatic cables between Russia and France , were found to have been doctored .	0
what caused ww	Even in later decades however , when much more information had been released , historians from the same culture have been shown to come to differing conclusions on the causes of the war .	0
where is testosterone produced	Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals , reptiles , birds , and other vertebrates .	1
where is testosterone produced	In mammals , testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females , although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands .	1
where is testosterone produced	It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid .	0
where is testosterone produced	In men , testosterone plays a key role in the development of male reproductive tissues such as the testis and prostate as well as promoting secondary sexual characteristics such as increased muscle , bone mass , and the growth of body hair .	1
where is testosterone produced	In addition , testosterone is essential for health and well-being as well as the prevention of osteoporosis .	0
where is testosterone produced	On average , in adult human males , the plasma concentration of testosterone is about 7–8 times as great as the concentration in adult human females ' plasma , but as the metabolic consumption of testosterone in males is greater , the daily production is about 20 times greater in men .	0
where is testosterone produced	Females also are more sensitive to the hormone .	0
where is testosterone produced	Testosterone is observed in most vertebrates .	0
where is testosterone produced	Fish make a slightly different form called 11-ketotestosterone .	0
where is testosterone produced	Its counterpart in insects is ecdysone .	0
where is testosterone produced	These ubiquitous steroids suggest that sex hormones have an ancient evolutionary history .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	A plaque commemorating the location of the Sarajevo assassination and steps of Gavrilo Princip ( image taken in 1987 , before steps were removed in 1992 and plaque changed from Cyrillic to Latin script )	0
who shot franz ferdinand	A plaque commemorating the location of the Sarajevo assassination ( image taken in 2009 )	0
who shot franz ferdinand	On 28 June 1914 , Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne , and his wife , Sophie , Duchess of Hohenberg , were shot dead in Sarajevo , by Gavrilo Princip , one of a group of six Bosnian Serb assassins coordinated by Danilo Ilić .	1
who shot franz ferdinand	The political objective of the assassination was to break off Austria-Hungary 's south-Slav provinces so they could be combined into a Greater Serbia or a Yugoslavia .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	The assassins ' motives were consistent with the movement that later became known as Young Bosnia .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	Serbian military officers stood behind the attack .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	At the top of these Serbian military conspirators was Chief of Serbian Military Intelligence Dragutin Dimitrijević , his righthand man Major Vojislav Tankosić , and Masterspy Rade Malobabić .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	Major Tankosić armed the assassins with bombs and pistols and trained them .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	The assassins were given access to the same clandestine tunnel of safe-houses and agents that Rade Malobabić used for the infiltration of weapons and operatives into Austria-Hungary .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	The assassins , the key members of the clandestine tunnel , and the key Serbian military conspirators who were still alive were arrested , tried , convicted and punished .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	Those who were arrested in Bosnia were tried in Sarajevo in October 1914 .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	The other conspirators were arrested and tried before a Serbian kangaroo court on the French-controlled Salonika Front in 1916–1917 on unrelated false charges ; Serbia executed three of the top military conspirators .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	Much of what is known about the assassinations comes from these two trials and related records .	0
who shot franz ferdinand	Assignment of responsibility for the bombing and murders of 28 June is highly controversial because the attack led to the outbreak of World War I one month later .	0
how does a cat purr	A purr is a sound made by all species of felids and is a part of cat communication .	0
how does a cat purr	It varies between cats ( for example by loudness and tone ) , and from species to species , but can be characterized as a tonal buzzing .	0
how does a cat purr	The term `` purring '' has been used liberally in literature , and it has been claimed that viverrids ( civet , mongoose , genet ) , bears , badgers , hyaenas ( et cetera ) purr .	0
how does a cat purr	Other animals that have been said to purr are rabbits , squirrels , guinea pigs , tapirs , ring-tailed lemurs , elephants , raccoons and gorillas while eating .	0
how does a cat purr	However , using a strict definition of purring that continuous sound production must alternate between pulmonic egressive and ingressive airstream ( and usually go on for minutes ) , Peters ( 2002 ) , in an exhaustive review of the scientific literature , reached the conclusion that until then only ‘purring cats’ ( Felidae ) and two species of genets , Genetta tigrina , and most likely also Genetta genetta , had been documented to purr .	1
what is firewire used for	The IEEE 1394 interface is a serial bus interface standard for high-speed communications and isochronous real-time data transfer .	1
what is firewire used for	It was developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s by Apple , who called it FireWire .	0
what is firewire used for	The 1394 interface is comparable to USB , and often those two technologies are considered together , though USB has more market share .	0
what is firewire used for	Apple first included FireWire in some of its 1999 models , and most Apple computers since the year 2000 have included FireWire ports , though , as of 2013 , nothing beyond the 800 version ( IEEE-1394b ) .	0
what is firewire used for	The interface is also known by the brand i.LINK ( Sony ) , and Lynx ( Texas Instruments ) .	0
what is firewire used for	IEEE 1394 replaced parallel SCSI in many applications , because of lower implementation costs and a simplified , more adaptable cabling system .	0
what is firewire used for	The 1394 standard also defines a backplane interface , though this is not as widely used .	0
what is firewire used for	IEEE 1394 is the High-Definition Audio-Video Network Alliance ( HANA ) standard connection interface for A/V ( audio/visual ) component communication and control .	0
what is firewire used for	FireWire is also available in wireless , fiber optic , and coaxial versions using the isochronous protocols .	0
what continent is australia	Australia is a continent comprising mainland Australia , Tasmania , New Guinea , Seram , possibly Timor , and neighbouring islands .	1
what continent is australia	The continent is sometimes known in technical contexts by the names Sahul , Australinea or Meganesia , to distinguish it from the Australian mainland .	0
what continent is australia	It is the smallest of the seven traditional continents in the English conception .	0
what continent is australia	New Zealand is not part of the continent of Australia , but of the separate , submerged continent of Zealandia .	0
what continent is australia	Zealandia and Australia are both part of the wider regions known as Australasia and Oceania .	0
what continent is australia	The continent of Australia lies on a continental shelf overlain by shallow seas which divide it into several landmasses — the Arafura Sea and Torres Strait between mainland Australia and New Guinea , and Bass Strait between mainland Australia and Tasmania .	0
what continent is australia	When sea levels were lower during the Pleistocene ice age , including the last glacial maximum about 18,000 BC , they were connected by dry land .	0
what continent is australia	During the past ten thousand years , rising sea levels overflowed the lowlands and separated the continent into today 's low-lying arid to semi-arid mainland and the two mountainous islands of New Guinea and Tasmania .	0
what continent is australia	Geologically , a continent extends to the edge of its continental shelf , so the now-separate islands are considered part of the continent .	0
what continent is australia	Due to the spread of animals , fungi and plants across the single Pleistocene landmass the separate lands have a related biota .	0
what does fidelity do	FMR LLC ( Fidelity Management and Research ) or Fidelity Investments is an American multinational financial services corporation .	0
what does fidelity do	It is one of the largest mutual fund and financial services groups in the world .	0
what does fidelity do	It was founded in 1946 and serves North American investors .	0
what does fidelity do	Fidelity Ventures is its venture capital arm .	0
what does fidelity do	Fidelity International Limited ( FIL ) , was an international affiliate founded in 1969 , serving most countries in the rest of the world .	0
what does fidelity do	In September 2011 , FIL was rebranded as 'Fidelity Worldwide Investment ' .	0
what does fidelity do	Fidelity Investments manages a large family of mutual funds , provides fund distribution and investment advice services , as well as providing discount brokerage services , retirement services , wealth management , securities execution and clearance , life insurance and a number of other services .	1
what does bruce jenner do	William Bruce Jenner ( born October 28 , 1949 ) is a former U.S. track and field athlete , motivational speaker , socialite , television personality and businessman .	1
what does bruce jenner do	He won the gold medal for decathlon in the Montreal 1976 Summer Olympics .	0
what does bruce jenner do	Following his Olympic win and the related recognition , he married Kris Kardashian , and his professional career evolved into being a television celebrity .	0
what does bruce jenner do	By 1981 , he had starred in several made-for-TV movies and was Erik Estrada 's replacement on the top rated TV series CHiPs .	0
what does bruce jenner do	He has six children : Burt , Casey , Brandon , Brody , Kendall and Kylie .	0
what does bruce jenner do	Since his 1991 marriage to Kris Jenner , he is the stepfather to Kourtney , Kim , Khloe and Rob Kardashian .	0
what does bruce jenner do	Since 2007 , he has appeared with his blended family on Keeping Up with the Kardashians .	0
what is soy made from	The soybean ( US ) or soya bean ( UK ) ( Glycine max ) is a species of legume native to East Asia , widely grown for its edible bean which has numerous uses .	1
what is soy made from	The plant is classed as an oilseed rather than a pulse by the UN Food and Agricultural Organization ( FAO ) .	0
what is soy made from	Fat-free ( defatted ) soybean meal is a significant and cheap source of protein for animal feeds and many prepackaged meals ; soy vegetable oil is another product of processing the soybean crop .	0
what is soy made from	For example , soybean products such as textured vegetable protein ( TVP ) are ingredients in many meat and dairy analogues .	0
what is soy made from	Soybeans produce significantly more protein per acre than most other uses of land .	0
what is soy made from	Traditional nonfermented food uses of soybeans include soy milk , and from the latter tofu and tofu skin .	0
what is soy made from	Fermented foods include soy sauce , fermented bean paste , natto , and tempeh , among others .	0
what is soy made from	The oil is used in many industrial applications .	0
what is soy made from	The main producers of soy are the United States ( 35 % ) , Brazil ( 27 % ) , Argentina ( 19 % ) , China ( 6 % ) and India ( 4 % ) .	0
what is soy made from	The beans contain significant amounts of phytic acid , alpha-linolenic acid , and isoflavones .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	Groundhog Day ( Pennsylvania German : Grundsaudaag , Murmeltiertag ) is a day celebrated on February 2 .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	According to folklore , if it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day , then spring will come early ; if it is sunny , the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its burrow , and the winter weather will continue for six more weeks .	1
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	Modern customs of the holiday involve celebrations where early morning festivals are held to watch the groundhog emerging from its burrow .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	In southeastern Pennsylvania , Groundhog Lodges ( Grundsow Lodges ) celebrate the holiday with fersommlinge , social events in which food is served , speeches are made , and one or more g'spiel ( plays or skits ) are performed for entertainment .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	The Pennsylvania German dialect is the only language spoken at the event , and those who speak English pay a penalty , usually in the form of a nickel , dime , or quarter per word spoken , with the money put into a bowl in the center of the table .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	The largest Groundhog Day celebration is held in Punxsutawney , Pennsylvania .	0
what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day	Groundhog Day , already a widely recognized and popular tradition , received widespread attention as a result of the 1993 film Groundhog Day , which was set in Punxsutawney , PA ( though filmed primarily in Woodstock , IL ) and portrayed Punxsutawney Phil .	0
what are a and r reps	Artists and repertoire ( A & R ) is the division of a record label or music publishing company that is responsible for talent scouting and overseeing the artistic development of recording artists and/or songwriters .	1
what are a and r reps	It also acts as a liaison between artists and the record label or publishing company ; every activity involving artists to the point of album release is generally considered under the purview of , and responsibility of , A & R .	0
what is a Four Lokos	Four Loko is a line of alcoholic beverages , originally marketed as energy drinks , sold by Phusion Projects of Chicago , Illinois .	1
what is a Four Lokos	Phusion operates as Drink Four Brewing Company .	0
what is a Four Lokos	Four Loko , the company 's most popular beverage , debuted in the United States market in 2005 .	0
what is a Four Lokos	It is now sold in 48 states , and in Canada , The Bahamas , Bolivia , Honduras , and Europe .	0
what is a Four Lokos	The name `` Four '' is derived from the original energy drink 's four main ingredients : alcohol , caffeine , taurine , and guarana .	0
what is a Four Lokos	Four branded products have been the object of legal , ethical , and health concerns related to the company allegedly marketing them to the underaged and the purported danger of combining alcohol and caffeine .	0
what is a Four Lokos	After the beverage was banned in several states , a product reintroduction in December 2010 removed caffeine , taurine , and guarana as ingredients , and the malt beverage is no longer marketed as an energy drink .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	Benzene is an organic chemical compound with the molecular formula C6 H|Hydrogen|H6 .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	Its molecule is composed of 6 carbon atoms joined in a ring , with 1 hydrogen atom attached to each carbon atom .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	Because its molecules contain only carbon and hydrogen atoms , benzene is classed as a hydrocarbon .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	Benzene is a natural constituent of crude oil , and is one of the most basic petrochemicals .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	Benzene is an aromatic hydrocarbon and the second [ n ] - annulene ( [ 6 ] -annulene ) , a cyclic hydrocarbon with a continuous pi bond .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	It is sometimes abbreviated Ph –H . Benzene is a colorless and highly flammable liquid with a sweet smell .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	It is mainly used as a precursor to heavy chemicals , such as ethylbenzene and cumene , which are produced on a billion kilogram scale .	1
What Is Benzene Used For	Because it has a high octane number , it is an important component of gasoline , composing a few percent of its mass .	0
What Is Benzene Used For	Most non-industrial applications have been limited by benzene 's carcinogenicity .	0
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe	Illegal immigration to the United States is the act of foreign nationals entering the United States , without government permission and in violation of United States nationality law , or staying beyond the termination date of a visa , also in violation of the law .	0
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe	A warning sign at the international boundary between the United States and Canada in Point Roberts , Washington .	0
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe	A much different approach at the U.S.-Mexico border near El Paso , Texas	0
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe	The undocumented immigrant population of the United States in 2008 was estimated by the Center for Immigration Studies to be about 11 million people , down from 12.5 million people in 2007 .	0
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe	Other estimates range from 7 to 20 million .	0
what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe	According to a 2005 Pew Hispanic Center report , 56 % of undocumented immigrants were from Mexico ; 22 % were from other Latin American countries ; 13 % were from Asia ; 6 % were from Europe and Canada ; and 3 % were from Africa and the rest of the world .	1
what are the different types of cross country skiing	Cross-country skiing ( or XC skiing ) is a form of ski touring in which participants propel themselves across snow-covered terrain using skis and poles .	0
what are the different types of cross country skiing	The activity is popular in many places with large snowfields , primarily Northern Europe , Canada , and Alaska .	0
what are the different types of cross country skiing	Cross-country skiing is part of the Nordic skiing sport family , which includes ski jumping , Nordic combined ( cross-country skiing and ski jumping ) , Biathlon ( skiing and rifle marksmanship ) and ski-orienteering ( which includes map navigation along snow trails and tracks ) .	1
what are the different types of cross country skiing	Cross-country skiing is the modern style of skiing that most resembles prehistoric skiing , particularly when done in the backcountry .	0
what are the different types of cross country skiing	It is also related to Telemark skiing .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Kathmandu ( ; ) is the capital and largest urban agglomerate of Nepal .	1
what is kathmandu known for	The agglomerate consists of Kathmandu Metropolitan City at its core , and its sister cities Patan , Kirtipur , Thimi , and Bhaktapur .	0
what is kathmandu known for	It also includes the recently recognized urban areas of Shankhapur , Karyabinayak , and Champapur .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Banepa , Dhulikhel , and Panauti are satellite urban areas of Kathmandu located just outside the Kathmandu valley .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Kathmandu is also known informally as `` KTM '' or the `` tri-city '' .	0
what is kathmandu known for	According to a census conducted in 2011 , Kathmandu metropolis alone has 975,453 inhabitants ; and the agglomerate has a population of more than 2.5 million inhabitants .	0
what is kathmandu known for	The metropolitan city area is and has a population density of 19,250 per km2 .	0
what is kathmandu known for	The city stands at an elevation of approximately in the bowl-shaped Kathmandu Valley of central Nepal .	0
what is kathmandu known for	It is surrounded by four major mountains : Shivapuri , Phulchoki , Nagarjun , and Chandragiri .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Kathmandu Valley is part of three districts ( Kathmandu , Lalitpur , and Bhaktapur ) , has the highest population density in the country , and is home to about a twelfth of Nepal 's population .	0
what is kathmandu known for	During Rana and Shah eras , the name `` Nepal '' referred only to the Kathmandu Valley ; it was what people who lived outside the valley called it .	0
what is kathmandu known for	During this period , British historians called the valley itself `` Nepal Proper '' .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Today , Kathmandu is not only the capital of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal , but also the headquarters of the Central Development Region of Nepal .	0
what is kathmandu known for	The Central Region comprises three zones : Bagmati , Narayani , and Janakpur .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Kathmandu is located in the Bagmati Zone .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Kathmandu is the gateway to tourism in Nepal .	0
what is kathmandu known for	It is also the nerve center of the country 's economy .	0
what is kathmandu known for	It has the most advanced infrastructure of any urban area in Nepal , and its economy is focused on tourism , which accounted for 3.8 % of Nepal 's GDP in 1995–96 .	0
what is kathmandu known for	( Tourism in Kathmandu declined thereafter during a period of political unrest , but since then has improved . )	0
what is kathmandu known for	The city has a rich history , spanning nearly 2000 years , as inferred from inscriptions found in the valley .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Religious and cultural festivities form a major part of the lives of people residing in Kathmandu .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Most of Kathmandu 's people follow Hinduism and many others follow Buddhism .	0
what is kathmandu known for	There are people of other religious beliefs as well , giving Kathmandu a cosmopolitan culture .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Nepali is the most commonly spoken language in the city .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Nepal Bhasa is the indigenous language spoken by the Newar people .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Hindi is widely understood and English is understood by Kathmandu 's educated residents .	0
what is kathmandu known for	The city 's literacy rate is 98 % .	0
what is kathmandu known for	Kathmandu 's sister cities ( Lalitpur Patan ) and Bhaktapur are integral to Kathmandu 's cultural heritage , tourism industry , and economy ; therefore UNESCO 's World Heritage Site lists all three cities ' monuments and attractions together under one heading , `` Kathmandu Valley- UNESCO World Heritage Site `` .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	James Butler Hickok ( May 27 , 1837 – August 2 , 1876 ) , better known as Wild Bill Hickok , was a folk hero of the American Old West .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	His skills as a gunfighter and scout , along with his reputation as a lawman , provided the basis for his fame , although some of his reported exploits are fictionalized .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	Born and raised on a farm in rural Illinois , Hickok went west at age 18 as a fugitive from justice , first working as a stagecoach driver , before he became a lawman in the frontier territories of Kansas and Nebraska .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	He fought for the Union Army during the American Civil War , and gained publicity after the war as a scout , marksman , actor , and professional gambler .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	Between his law-enforcement duties and gambling , which easily overlapped , Hickok was involved in several notable shootouts .	0
how did wild bill 's father die	He was shot and killed while playing poker in the Nuttal & Mann 's Saloon in Deadwood , Dakota Territory ( now South Dakota ) .	1
what is a synthetic conduit	A nerve guidance conduit ( also referred to as an artificial nerve conduit or artificial nerve graft , as opposed to an autograft ) is an artificial means of guiding axonal regrowth to facilitate nerve regeneration and is one of several clinical treatments for nerve injuries .	1
what is a synthetic conduit	When direct suturing of the two stumps of a severed nerve can not be accomplished without tension , the standard clinical treatment for peripheral nerve injuries is autologous nerve grafting .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	Due to the limited availability of donor tissue and functional recovery in autologous nerve grafting , neural tissue engineering research has focused on the development of bioartificial nerve guidance conduits as an alternative treatment , especially for large defects .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	Similar techniques are also being explored for nerve repair in the spinal cord but nerve regeneration in the central nervous system poses a greater challenge because its axons do not regenerate appreciably in their native environment .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	The creation of artificial conduits is also known as entubulation because the nerve ends and intervening gap are enclosed within a tube composed of biological or synthetic materials .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	Whether the conduit is in the form of a biologic tube , synthetic tube or tissue-engineered conduit , it should facilitate neurotropic and neurotrophic communication between the proximal and distal ends of the nerve gap , block external inhibitory factors , and provide a physical guidance for axonal regrowth .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	The most basic objective of a nerve guidance conduit is to combine physical , chemical , and biological cues under conditions that will foster tissue formation .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	Materials that have been used to make biologic tubes include blood vessels and skeletal muscles , while nonabsorbable and bioabsorbable synthetic tubes have been made from silicone and polyglycolide respectively .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	Tissue-engineered nerve guidance conduits are a combination of many elements : scaffold structure , scaffold material , cellular therapies , neurotrophic factors and biomimetic materials .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	The choice of which physical , chemical and biological cues to use is based on the properties of the nerve environment , which is critical in creating the most desirable environment for axon regeneration .	0
what is a synthetic conduit	The factors that control material selection include biocompatibility , biodegradability , mechanical integrity , controllability during nerve growth , implantation and sterilization .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Image showing the six most common speleothems with labels .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	to view labels .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The Witch 's Finger in the Carlsbad Caverns	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	A stalagmite ( or ; from the Greek σταλαγμίτης - stalagmitês , from σταλαγμίας - stalagmias , `` dropping , trickling '' ) is a type of speleothem that rises from the floor of a limestone cave due to the dripping of mineralized solutions and the deposition of calcium carbonate .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	This stalagmite formation occurs only under certain pH conditions within the underground cavern .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The corresponding formation on the ceiling of a cave is known as a stalactite .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	If these formations grow together , the result is known as a column .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The Hall of Giants in the Carlsbad Caverns	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Stalagmites should normally not be touched , since the rock buildup is formed by minerals precipitating out of the water solution onto the old surface ; skin oils can alter the surface where the mineral water will cling , thus affecting the growth of the formation .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Oils and dirt from human contact can also stain the formation and change its color permanently .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Similar structures can also form in lava tubes , associated with some types of lavacicles , although the mechanism of formation is very different .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	Stalactites and stalagmites can also form on concrete ceilings and floors , although they form much more rapidly there than in the natural cave environment .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The largest stalagmite in the world is high and is located in the cave of Cueva Martin Infierno , Cuba .	1
What country is the largest stalagmite	In the Zagros Mountains of south Iran , approximately from the ancient city of Bishapur , in the Shapur cave on the fourth of five terraces stands the 3rd century CE statue of Shapur I , second ruler of the Sassanid Empire .	0
What country is the largest stalagmite	The statue , carved from one stalagmite , is nearly high .	0
what year was the 8 track invented	Stereo 8 , commonly known as the eight-track cartridge , eight-track tape , or simply eight-track , is a magnetic tape sound recording technology .	0
what year was the 8 track invented	It was popular in the United States from the mid-1960s through to the early 1980s , but was relatively unknown in many European countries .	0
what year was the 8 track invented	It was , however , very popular in the United Kingdom during this period .	0
what year was the 8 track invented	Stereo 8 was created in 1964 by a consortium led by Bill Lear of Lear Jet Corporation , along with Ampex , Ford Motor Company , General Motors , Motorola , and RCA Victor Records ( RCA ) .	1
what year was the 8 track invented	It was a further development of the similar Stereo-Pak four-track cartridge created by Earl `` Madman '' Muntz .	0
what year was the 8 track invented	A later quadraphonic version of the format was announced by RCA in April 1970 and first known as Quad-8 , then later changed to just Q8 .	0
what genre is bloody beetroots	The Bloody Beetroots is the pseudonym of Sir Bob Cornelius Rifo , the Italian electro house and dance-punk music producer , DJ and photographer .	1
what genre is bloody beetroots	The Bloody Beetroots is well-known for the black Venom mask he wears during performances .	0
what genre is bloody beetroots	In fact , the only identifying public feature of Rifo is the year `` 1977 '' tattooed across his chest , which is both the year that the producer and punk-rock was born .	0
what genre is bloody beetroots	`` The Bloody Beetroots DJ set '' contains Sir Bob Cornelius Rifo and Tommy Tea .	0
what is the average american income	US county household median income 2009 .	0
what is the average american income	Median US household income , 2001-2011	0
what is the average american income	Household income is a measure commonly used by the United States government and private institutions .	0
what is the average american income	Each household is measured by the income of every resident over the age of 15 .	0
what is the average american income	Income includes wages and salaries , unemployment insurance , disability payments , child support payments received , regular rental receipts , as well as any personal business , investment , or other kinds of income received routinely .	0
what is the average american income	While inflation-adjusted ( `` real '' ) household income had been increasing almost every year from 1945 to 1999 , it has since been flat and even decreased recently .	0
what is the average american income	U.S. median household income fell from $ 51,144 in 2010 to $ 50,502 in 2011 .	1
what is the average american income	Extreme poverty in the United States , meaning households living on less than $ 2 per day before government benefits , doubled from 1996 to 1.5 million households in 2011 , including 2.8 million children .	0
what is the average american income	The residents of the household do not have to be related to the head of the household for their earnings to be considered part of the household 's income .	0
what is the average american income	As households tend to share a similar economic context , the use of household income remains among the most widely accepted measures of income .	0
what is the average american income	That the size of a household is not commonly taken into account in such measures may distort any analysis of fluctuations within or among the household income categories , and may render direct comparisons between quintiles difficult or even impossible .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	Madden NFL ( known as John Madden Football before 1993 ) is an American football video game series developed by Electronic Arts Tiburon for EA Sports .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	The game series is named after Pro Football Hall of Famer John Madden , a well-known former Super Bowl –winning coach of the Oakland Raiders and color commentator .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	The series is the best selling EA Sports series .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	The games have consistently been a best seller , and has even spawned TV shows where players compete .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	Among the game 's realistic features include sophisticated playbooks and player statistics , and voice commentary that allows players to hear the game as if it were a real TV broadcast .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	The Madden NFL series has been nicknamed the NFL 's 33rd Franchise .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	The series was originally conceived by Electronic Arts founder Trip Hawkins , who then approached Madden in 1984 for his endorsement and expertise .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	Due to Madden 's insistence that the game be as realistic as possible , the first version of John Madden Football was not released until 1988 .	1
when was the first nfl madden game released	The second version of the game was released in 1990 , with annual versions since then .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	The series ' name was changed to Madden NFL in 1993 after EA acquired the rights to use NFL teams and players .	0
when was the first nfl madden game released	Despite Madden 's retirement as a broadcaster in 2009 , he continues to lend his name and provide expertise for the game .	0
what is endodontic dentistry	Endodontics ( from the Greek endo `` inside '' ; and odons `` tooth '' ) is one of the dental specialties recognized by the American Dental Association , Royal College of Dentists of Canada , and Royal Australasian College of Dental Surgeons , and deals with the tooth pulp and the tissues surrounding the root of a tooth .	1
what is endodontic dentistry	Endodontists perform a variety of procedures including endodontic therapy ( commonly known as `` root canal therapy '' ) , endodontic retreatment , surgery , treating cracked teeth , and treating dental trauma .	0
what is endodontic dentistry	Root canal therapy is one of the most common procedures .	0
what is endodontic dentistry	If the pulp ( containing nerves , arterioles , venules , lymphatic tissue , and fibrous tissue ) becomes diseased or injured , endodontic treatment is required to save the tooth .	0
what is a base SI unit	The seven SI base units and the interdependency of their definitions : for example , to extract the definition of the metre from the speed of light , the definition of the second must be known while the ampere and candela are both dependent on the definition of energy which in turn is defined in terms of length , mass and time .	1
what is a base SI unit	The International System of Units ( SI ) defines seven units of measure as a basic set from which all other SI units are derived .	0
what is a base SI unit	These SI base units and their physical quantities are:	0
what is a base SI unit	metre for length ( US English : meter )	0
what is a base SI unit	kilogram for mass ( note : not the gram )	0
what is a base SI unit	second for time	0
what is a base SI unit	ampere for electric current	0
what is a base SI unit	kelvin for temperature	0
what is a base SI unit	candela for luminous intensity	0
what is a base SI unit	mole for the amount of substance .	0
what is a base SI unit	The SI base quantities form a set of mutually independent dimensions as required by dimensional analysis commonly employed in science and technology .	0
what is a base SI unit	However , in a given realization of these units they may well be interdependent , i.e . defined in terms of each other .	0
what is a base SI unit	The names of SI units are written in lowercase characters ( the 'degree Celsius ' meets this rule , as 'degree ' is the unit , and 'Celsius ' is a modifier ) .	0
what is a base SI unit	The symbols of units are written in lowercase ( e.g . metre has the symbol m ) , except that symbols for units named after persons are written with an initial capital letter ( e.g. , the hertz has the uppercase symbol Hz ) .	0
what is a base SI unit	Many other units , such as the litre ( US English : liter ) , are formally not part of the SI , but are accepted for use with SI .	0
what is a brindle boxer	Bred in Germany , the Boxer is a breed of stocky , medium-sized , short-haired dogs .	0
what is a brindle boxer	The coat is smooth and tight-fitting ; colors are fawn or brindled , with or without white markings , which may cover the entire body .	1
what is a brindle boxer	Boxers are brachycephalic ( they have broad , short skulls ) , and have a square muzzle , mandibular prognathism ( an underbite ) , very strong jaws , and a powerful bite ideal for hanging on to large prey .	0
what is a brindle boxer	The Boxer was bred from the Old English Bulldog and the now extinct Bullenbeisser , and is part of the Molosser group .	0
what is a brindle boxer	Boxers were first exhibited in a dog show for St. Bernards in Munich in 1895 , the first Boxer club being founded the next year .	0
what is a brindle boxer	Based on 2012 American Kennel Club statistics , Boxers held steady as the seventh most popular breed of dog in the United States for the third consecutive year .	0
what creates sonic boom	The sound source has now broken through the sound speed barrier , and is traveling at 1.4 times the speed of sound , ( Mach 1.4 ) .	0
what creates sonic boom	Since the source is moving faster ( with a speed ) than the sound waves it creates , it actually leads the advancing wavefront .	0
what creates sonic boom	The sound source will pass by a stationary observer ( with a speed ) before the observer actually hears the sound it creates .	0
what creates sonic boom	As a result , an observer in front of the source will detect	0
what creates sonic boom	and an observer behind the source .	0
what creates sonic boom	A sonic boom produced by an aircraft moving at M=2.92 , calculated from the cone angle of 20 degrees .	0
what creates sonic boom	An observer hears the boom when the shock wave , on the edges of the cone , crosses his or her location .	0
what creates sonic boom	Mach cone angle	0
what creates sonic boom	A sonic boom is the sound associated with the shock waves created by an object traveling through the air faster than the speed of sound .	1
what creates sonic boom	Sonic booms generate enormous amounts of sound energy , sounding much like an explosion .	0
what creates sonic boom	The crack of a supersonic bullet passing overhead is an example of a sonic boom in miniature .	0
who is bj 's wholesale club	BJ 's Wholesale Club , Inc. , commonly referred to simply as BJ 's , is a membership-only warehouse club chain operating on the United States East Coast , as well as in the state of Ohio .	1
who is bj 's wholesale club	The company is ranked # 232 on Fortune magazine 's 2010 listing of America 's 500 largest public corporations .	0
who killed julius caesar	Gaius Julius Caesar ( , July 100 BC – 15 March 44 BC ) was a Roman general , statesman , Consul and notable author of Latin prose .	0
who killed julius caesar	He played a critical role in the events that led to the demise of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire .	0
who killed julius caesar	In 60 BC , Caesar , Crassus and Pompey formed a political alliance that was to dominate Roman politics for several years .	0
who killed julius caesar	Their attempts to amass power through populist tactics were opposed by the conservative elite within the Roman Senate , among them Cato the Younger with the frequent support of Cicero .	0
who killed julius caesar	Caesar 's conquest of Gaul , completed by 51 BC , extended Rome 's territory to the English Channel and the Rhine .	0
who killed julius caesar	Caesar became the first Roman general to cross both when he built a bridge across the Rhine and conducted the first invasion of Britain .	0
who killed julius caesar	These achievements granted him unmatched military power and threatened to eclipse the standing of Pompey , who had realigned himself with the Senate after the death of Crassus in 53 BC .	0
who killed julius caesar	With the Gallic Wars concluded , the Senate ordered Caesar to lay down his military command and return to Rome .	0
who killed julius caesar	Caesar refused , and marked his defiance in 49 BC by crossing the Rubicon with a legion , leaving his province and illegally entering Roman territory under arms .	0
who killed julius caesar	Civil war resulted , from which he emerged as the unrivaled leader of Rome .	0
who killed julius caesar	After assuming control of government , Caesar began a program of social and governmental reforms , including the creation of the Julian calendar .	0
who killed julius caesar	He centralised the bureaucracy of the Republic and was eventually proclaimed `` dictator in perpetuity '' .	0
who killed julius caesar	But the underlying political conflicts had not been resolved , and on the Ides of March ( 15 March ) 44 BC , Caesar was assassinated by a group of senators led by Marcus Junius Brutus .	1
who killed julius caesar	A new series of civil wars broke out , and the constitutional government of the Republic was never restored .	0
who killed julius caesar	Caesar 's adopted heir Octavian , later known as Augustus , rose to sole power , and the era of the Roman Empire began .	0
who killed julius caesar	Much of Caesar 's life is known from his own accounts of his military campaigns , and from other contemporary sources , mainly the letters and speeches of Cicero and the historical writings of Sallust .	0
who killed julius caesar	The later biographies of Caesar by Suetonius and Plutarch are also major sources .	0
who killed julius caesar	Caesar is deemed to be one of the greatest military commanders of history .	0
what is el morro in puerto rico	Castillo San Felipe del Morro also known as Fort San Felipe del Morro or Morro Castle , is a 16th-century citadel located in San Juan , Puerto Rico .	1
what is metformin used for	Metformin ( BP , pronounced , ; originally sold as Glucophage ) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class .	1
what is metformin used for	It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes , in particular , in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function .	1
what is metformin used for	Its use in gestational diabetes has been limited by safety concerns .	0
what is metformin used for	It is also used in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome , and has been investigated for other diseases where insulin resistance may be an important factor .	0
what is metformin used for	Metformin works by suppressing glucose production by the liver .	0
what is metformin used for	Metformin is the only antidiabetic drug that has been conclusively shown to prevent the cardiovascular complications of diabetes .	0
what is metformin used for	It helps reduce LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels , and is not associated with weight gain .	0
what is metformin used for	, metformin is one of only two oral antidiabetics in the World Health Organization Model List of Essential Medicines ( the other being glibenclamide ) .	0
what is metformin used for	When prescribed appropriately , metformin causes few adverse effects ( the most common is gastrointestinal upset ) and is associated with a low risk of hypoglycemia .	0
what is metformin used for	Lactic acidosis ( a buildup of lactate in the blood ) can be a serious concern in overdose and when it is prescribed to people with contraindications , but otherwise , there is no significant risk .	0
what is metformin used for	First synthesized and found to reduce blood sugar in the 1920s , metformin was forgotten for the next two decades as research shifted to insulin and other antidiabetic drugs .	0
what is metformin used for	Interest in metformin was rekindled in the late 1940s after several reports that it could reduce blood sugar levels in people , and in 1957 , French physician Jean Sterne published the first clinical trial of metformin as a treatment for diabetes .	0
what is metformin used for	It was introduced to the United Kingdom in 1958 , Canada in 1972 , and the United States in 1995 .	0
what is metformin used for	Metformin is now believed to be the most widely prescribed antidiabetic drug in the world ; in the United States alone , more than 48 million prescriptions were filled in 2010 for its generic formulations .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Full-time employment is employment in which a person works a minimum number of hours defined as such by his/her employer .	1
what is a full job time ? ?	Full-time employment often comes with benefits that are not typically offered to part-time , temporary , or flexible workers , such as annual leave , sickleave , and health insurance .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Full-time jobs are often considered careers .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	They generally pay more than part-time jobs , and usually carry more hours per week .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	The Fair Labor Standards Act ( FLSA ) does not define full-time employment or part-time employment .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	This is a matter generally to be determined by the employer ( US Department of Labor ) .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	The definition by employer can vary and is generally published in a company 's Employee Handbook .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Companies commonly require from 30–35 or 40 hours per week to be defined as full-time and therefore eligible for benefits .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Full-Time status varies between company and is often based on the shift the employee must work during each work week .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	The `` standard '' work week consists of five eight-hour days , commonly served between 9:00AM to 5:00PM totaling 40 hours .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	While a four-day week generally consists of four ten-hour days ; it may also consist of as little as nine hours for a total of a 36 hour work week .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Twelve-hour shifts are often three days per week , unless the company has the intention of paying out the employee overtime .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Overtime is legally paid out anytime an employee works more than 40 hours per week .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	The legal minimum for overtime starts at Base Pay + One-Half .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	The increased payout is considered to compensate slightly for the increased fatigue which a person experiences on such long shifts .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	Shifts can also be very irregular , as in retail , but are still full-time if the required number of hours is reached .	0
what is a full job time ? ?	There are some situations where a person who needs full-time work is dropped to part-time , which is sometimes a form of constructive dismissal to avoid paying unemployment benefits to a laid-off worker .	0
what is auto quarter panel	1990 's Pontiac Grand Am Sedan fender and quarter panel	0
what is auto quarter panel	On an automobile , a quarter panel ( or rear wing as it is known in British English ) is usually considered the body panel which goes between the rear door and the trunk and typically wraps around the wheel well ; however , the similar front section Fender ( vehicle ) , between the door and the hood , is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a quarter panel .	1
what is auto quarter panel	The quarter panel is typically made of Sheet metal , but is sometimes made of fiberglass or fiber-reinforced plastic ; although , this varies with different makes and models .	0
what is auto quarter panel	A quarter panel is typically a welded on component of the uni-body structure or Monocoque .	0
what is auto quarter panel	Replacement of a sheet metal quarter panel typically requires it to be cut off the vehicle and a replacement part to be welded ( or sometimes bonded ) to the Vehicle .	0
what is auto quarter panel	Due to this high amount of specialized labor , a quarter panel may often be repaired rather than replaced by hammering out the damage , and a body filler sometimes referred to as bondo to be applied to finalize the original surface .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	`` Judas '' is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga , from her second studio album Born This Way ( 2011 ) .	1
when was the lady gaga judas song released	It was released by Interscope Records on April 15 , 2011 , four days ahead of its scheduled release .	1
when was the lady gaga judas song released	Written and produced by Lady Gaga and RedOne , `` Judas '' is a dance and electro house song about a woman in love with a man who betrayed her .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	It embodies the incidents that have haunted Gaga in the past , and its core meaning refers to the negative parts of her life that she ca n't escape .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	Gaga has further explained that the song was also about honoring one 's inner darkness in order to bring oneself into the light .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	The artwork for the single was designed by Gaga in Microsoft Word .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	In spite of a polarizing impact on several religious groups , the song was generally well received by critics , who likened the song to `` Bad Romance `` with some noting it should have been the album 's lead single .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	The song has a similar sound to Gaga 's previous RedOne-produced tracks , including `` Poker Face `` , `` LoveGame `` , `` Bad Romance '' , and `` Alejandro `` .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	It contains three distinct hooks and a house -influenced break down .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	Gaga explained that the lines spoken during the breakdown talk about her as beyond redemption , regarding the traditional views of what a woman should be .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	`` Judas '' initially had a strong sales opening , but was less successful commercially in comparison to Gaga 's previous singles .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	The song reached the top ten of the charts in most major music markets , and also reached the top of the charts in South Korea .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	A music video for the song was filmed in April 2011 , co-directed by Gaga and Laurieann Gibson and co-starring Norman Reedus .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	It has a Biblical storyline where Reedus played Judas Iscariot and Gaga played Mary Magdalene .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	The video portrays them as modern day missionaries going to Jerusalem .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	It included the Biblical story of Judas betraying Jesus , and ended with Gaga as Magdalene getting stoned to death .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	Before its release , the Catholic League condemned Gaga for the alleged use of religious imagery and her role in the video .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	However , critics generally praised the video , not finding any offensive content .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	The video was nominated for two awards at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards .	0
when was the lady gaga judas song released	Gaga has performed `` Judas '' on a number of television shows , including The Graham Norton Show , Saturday Night Live , Good Morning Americas `` Summer Concert Series '' , the French X Factor as well as on The Ellen DeGeneres Show .	0
what is another name for cpu	A central processing unit ( CPU ) , also referred to as a central processor unit , is the hardware within a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer program by performing the basic arithmetical , logical , and input/output operations of the system .	1
what is another name for cpu	The term has been in use in the computer industry at least since the early 1960s .	0
what is another name for cpu	The form , design , and implementation of CPUs have changed over the course of their history , but their fundamental operation remains much the same .	0
what is another name for cpu	A computer can have more than one CPU ; this is called multiprocessing .	0
what is another name for cpu	Some integrated circuits ( ICs ) can contain multiple CPUs on a single chip ; those ICs are called multi-core processors .	0
what is another name for cpu	Two typical components of a CPU are the arithmetic logic unit ( ALU ) , which performs arithmetic and logical operations , and the control unit ( CU ) , which extracts instructions from memory and decodes and executes them , calling on the ALU when necessary .	0
what is another name for cpu	Not all computational systems rely on a central processing unit .	0
what is another name for cpu	An array processor or vector processor has multiple parallel computing elements , with no one unit considered the `` center '' .	0
what is another name for cpu	In the distributed computing model , problems are solved by a distributed interconnected set of processors .	0
who discovered the 2 moons of mars , Phobos and Deimos	Mars has two known moons , Phobos and Deimos , which are thought to be captured asteroids .	0
who discovered the 2 moons of mars , Phobos and Deimos	Both satellites were discovered in 1877 by Asaph Hall and are named after the characters Phobos ( panic/fear ) and Deimos ( terror/dread ) who , in Greek mythology , accompanied their father Ares , god of war , into battle .	1
who discovered the 2 moons of mars , Phobos and Deimos	Ares was known as Mars to the Romans .	0
who discovered the 2 moons of mars , Phobos and Deimos	It is possible that Mars may have moons smaller than 50 - 100 meters and a dust ring between Phobos and Deimos may be present but none have been discovered .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	55 '' LG OLED TV showcased at CES 2012	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	Prototype OLED lighting panel developed by Lumiotec	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	Demonstration of a flexible OLED device	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	An OLED ( organic light-emitting diode ) is a light-emitting diode ( LED ) in which the emissive electroluminescent layer is a film of organic compound which emits light in response to an electric current .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	This layer of organic semiconductor is situated between two electrodes .	1
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	Generally , at least one of these electrodes is transparent .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	OLEDs are used to create digital displays in devices such as television screens , computer monitors , portable systems such as mobile phones , handheld games consoles and PDAs .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	A major area of research is the development of white OLED devices for use in solid-state lighting applications .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	There are two main families of OLEDs : those based on small molecules and those employing polymers .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	Adding mobile ions to an OLED creates a light-emitting electrochemical cell or LEC , which has a slightly different mode of operation .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	OLED displays can use either passive-matrix ( PMOLED ) or active-matrix addressing schemes .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	Active-matrix OLEDs ( AMOLED ) require a thin-film transistor backplane to switch each individual pixel on or off , but allow for higher resolution and larger display sizes .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	An OLED display works without a backlight .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	Thus , it can display deep black levels and can be thinner and lighter than a liquid crystal display ( LCD ) .	0
what is the organic layer in an amoled screen	In low ambient light conditions such as a dark room an OLED screen can achieve a higher contrast ratio than an LCD , whether the LCD uses cold cathode fluorescent lamps or LED backlight .	0
what is bracketing in photography	In photography , bracketing is the general technique of taking several shots of the same subject using different camera settings .	1
what is bracketing in photography	Bracketing is useful and often recommended in situations that make it difficult to obtain a satisfactory image with a single shot , especially when a small variation in exposure parameters has a comparatively large effect on the resulting image .	0
what is bracketing in photography	Autobracketing is automatic bracketing by using a setting on the camera to take several bracketed shots ( in contrast to the photographer altering the settings by hand between each shot ) .	0
what is bracketing in photography	Given the time it takes to accomplish multiple shots , it is typically , but not always , used for static subjects .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	`` Barefoot and pregnant '' is a phrase most commonly associated with the controversial idea that women should not work outside the home and should have many children during their reproductive years .	1
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	It has several other meanings as well .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	It is a figure of speech .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	The phrase `` barefoot and pregnant '' was probably first used sometime before 1950 .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	An article from 1949 states , `` By early 1949 , TWA was—in the words of its new president , Ralph S. Damon—both 'barefoot and pregnant . ' ''	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	Its usage may date as early as the 1910s .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	An article published in 1958 states the phrase was first used by a `` Dr. Hertzler '' 40 years earlier .	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	`` Some forty years ago , Dr. Hertzler advanced a hypothesis which young women of today seem bent on proving correct. '	0
what does barefoot and pregnant mean	The only way to keep a woman happy , ' he said , 'is to keep her barefoot and pregnant . ' ''	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	An invoice or bill is a commercial document issued by a seller to a buyer , indicating the products , quantities , and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer .	1
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	An invoice indicates the sale transaction only .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	Payment terms are independent of the invoice and are negotiated by the buyer and the seller .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	Payment terms are usually included on the invoice .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	The buyer could have already paid for the products or services listed on the invoice .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	Buyer can also have a maximum number of days in which to pay for these goods and is sometimes offered a discount if paid before the due date .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	In the rental industry , an invoice must include a specific reference to the duration of the time being billed , so in addition to quantity , price and discount the invoicing amount is also based on duration .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	Generally each line of a rental invoice will refer to the actual hours , days , weeks , months , etc. , being billed .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	From the point of view of a seller , an invoice is a sales invoice .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	From the point of view of a buyer , an invoice is a purchase invoice .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	The document indicates the buyer and seller , but the term invoice indicates money is owed or owing .	0
what is the use of a sales invoice ?	In English , the context of the term invoice is usually used to clarify its meaning , such as `` We sent them an invoice '' ( they owe us money ) or `` We received an invoice from them '' ( we owe them money ) .	0
where is valley village ca	Valley Village ParkValley	0
where is valley village ca	Village is a district in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles , California .	1
where is valley village ca	The median age of its population , at 36 , is `` old for the city of Los Angeles . '' and its average household size of two people is low , compared to other parts of the city .	0
when barack obama was born	Barack Hussein Obama II ( ; born August 4 , 1961 ) is the 44th and current President of the United States , the first African American to hold the office .	1
when barack obama was born	Born in Honolulu , Hawaii , Obama is a graduate of Columbia University and Harvard Law School , where he was president of the Harvard Law Review .	0
when barack obama was born	He was a community organizer in Chicago before earning his law degree .	0
when barack obama was born	He worked as a civil rights attorney in Chicago and taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004 .	0
when barack obama was born	He served three terms representing the 13th District in the Illinois Senate from 1997 to 2004 , running unsuccessfully for the United States House of Representatives in 2000 .	0
when barack obama was born	In 2004 , Obama received national attention during his campaign to represent Illinois in the United States Senate with his victory in the March Democratic Party primary , his keynote address at the Democratic National Convention in July , and his election to the Senate in November .	0
when barack obama was born	He began his presidential campaign in 2007 , and in 2008 , after a close primary campaign against Hillary Rodham Clinton , he won sufficient delegates in the Democratic Party primaries to receive the presidential nomination .	0
when barack obama was born	He then defeated Republican nominee John McCain in the general election , and was inaugurated as president on January 20 , 2009 .	0
when barack obama was born	Nine months later , Obama was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate .	0
when barack obama was born	He was re-elected president in November 2012 , defeating Republican nominee Mitt Romney , and was sworn in for a second term on January 20 , 2013 .	0
when barack obama was born	Early in his first term in office , Obama signed into law economic stimulus legislation in response to the Great Recession in the form of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and the Tax Relief , Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization , and Job Creation Act of 2010 .	0
when barack obama was born	Other major domestic initiatives in his presidency include the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , often referred to as `` Obamacare '' ; the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ; the Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 ; the Budget Control Act of 2011 ; and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 .	0
when barack obama was born	In May 2012 , he became the first sitting U.S. president to publicly support same-sex marriage and in 2013 his administration filed briefs which urged the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex couples in two high-profile cases .	0
when barack obama was born	In foreign policy , Obama ended U.S. military involvement in the Iraq War , increased troop levels in Afghanistan , signed the New START arms control treaty with Russia , ordered U.S. military involvement in Libya , and ordered the military operation that resulted in the death of Osama bin Laden .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	Bernard Lawrence `` Bernie '' Madoff ( ; born April 29 , 1938 ) is an American former stockbroker , investment advisor , financier , and white collar criminal .	1
what was bernie madoff selling	He is the former non-executive Chairman of the NASDAQ stock market , and the admitted operator of a Ponzi scheme that is considered to be the largest financial fraud in U.S. history .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	Madoff founded the Wall Street firm Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC in 1960 , and was its chairman until his arrest on December 11 , 2008 .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	The firm was one of the top market maker businesses on Wall Street , which bypassed `` specialist '' firms by directly executing orders over the counter from retail brokers .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	He employed at the firm his brother Peter as Senior Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer ; Peter has since been sentenced to 10 years in prison .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	Peter 's daughter Shana Madoff as the firm 's rules and compliance officer and attorney , and his sons Andrew and Mark ( Mark committed suicide by hanging exactly two years after his father 's arrest ) .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	On December 10 , 2008 , Madoff 's sons told authorities that their father had confessed to them that the asset management unit of his firm was a massive Ponzi scheme , and quoted him as describing it as `` one big lie . ''	0
what was bernie madoff selling	The following day , FBI agents arrested Madoff and charged him with one count of securities fraud .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) had previously conducted investigations into Madoff 's business practices , but did not uncover the massive fraud .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	In March 2009 , Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies and admitted to turning his wealth management business into a massive Ponzi scheme that defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	Madoff said he began the Ponzi scheme in the early 1990s .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	However , federal investigators believe the fraud began as early as the 1970s , and those charged with recovering the missing money believe the investment operation may never have been legitimate .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	The amount missing from client accounts , including fabricated gains , was almost $ 65 billion .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	The court-appointed trustee estimated actual losses to investors of $ 18 billion .	0
what was bernie madoff selling	On June 29 , 2009 , he was sentenced to 150 years in prison , the maximum allowed .	0
what is the largest credit union	Navy Federal Credit Union ( or Navy Federal ) is a credit union headquartered in Vienna , Virginia , chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) of the U.S. federal government .	0
what is the largest credit union	Navy Federal is the largest natural member ( or retail ) credit union in the world , both in asset size and in membership .	1
what is the largest credit union	As of September 2012 , Navy Federal had over $ 50 billion USD in assets , and over 4 million members .	0
where is the human thigh located ?	The human leg is the entire lower extremity or limb of the human body , including the foot , thigh and even the hip or gluteal region ; however , the precise definition in human anatomy refers only to the section of the lower limb extending from the knee to the ankle .	1
where is the human thigh located ?	Legs are used for standing , walking , jumping , running , kicking , and similar activities , and constitute a significant portion of a person 's mass .	0
what are add ons	Add-on might mean:	0
what are add ons	Plug-in ( computing ) , a piece of software which enhances another software application and usually can not be run independently	1
what are add ons	Browser extension , which modifies the interface and/or behavior of web browsers	1
what are add ons	Add-on ( Mozilla ) , a piece of software that enhances and customizes Mozilla-based applications	1
what are add ons	Add-ons for Firefox ( addons.mozilla.org ) , the official Mozilla Foundation web site which serves as a repository of add-ons for Mozilla-based applications	1
what are add ons	Peripheral , an optional computer hardware component that significantly supplements or enhances the functionality of the original unit	1
what are add ons	Video game accessory , a piece of hardware used in conjunction with a video game console for playing video games	1
how many muscles in the human body	Skeletal muscles homo sapiens	0
how many muscles in the human body	This is a table of muscles of the human anatomy .	0
how many muscles in the human body	There are approximately 642 skeletal muscles within the typical human , and almost every muscle constitutes one part of a pair of identical bilateral muscles , found on both sides , resulting in approximately 320 pairs of muscles , as presented in this article .	1
how many muscles in the human body	Nevertheless , the exact number is difficult to define because different sources group muscles differently , e.g . regarding what is defined as different parts of a single muscle or as several muscles .	0
how many muscles in the human body	Examples range from 640 to 850 .	0
how many muscles in the human body	The muscles of the human body can be categorized into a number of groups which include muscles relating to the head and neck , muscles of the torso or trunk , muscles of the upper limbs , and muscles of the lower limbs .	0
how many muscles in the human body	The action refers to the action of each muscle from the standard anatomical position .	0
how many muscles in the human body	In other positions , other actions may be performed .	0
what is the population of algoma wi for 2010	See also the Town of Algoma in Winnebago County , Wisconsin .	0
what is the population of algoma wi for 2010	See also Algoma ( Disambiguation ) .	0
what is the population of algoma wi for 2010	Algoma is a city in Kewaunee County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .	0
what is the population of algoma wi for 2010	The population was 3,167 at the 2010 census .	1
what is the population of algoma wi for 2010	Algoma is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Afghanistan ( ; ; ) , officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , is a landlocked sovereign state forming part of South Asia , Central Asia , and to some extent Western Asia .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	It has a population of around 30 million inhabiting an area of approximately , making it the 42nd most populous and 41st largest nation in the world .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	It is bordered by Pakistan in the south and the east , Iran in the west , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the north , and China in the far northeast .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Afghanistan has been an ancient focal point of the Silk Road and human migration .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Archaeologists have found evidence of human habitation from as far back as the Middle Paleolithic .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Urban civilization may have begun in the area as early as 3,000 to 2,000 BCE .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Sitting at an important geostrategic location that connects the Middle East culture with Central Asia and the Indian subcontinent , the land has been home to various peoples through the ages and witnessed many military campaigns , notably by Alexander the Great , Genghis Khan , and in modern era Western forces .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	The land also served as a source from which the Greco-Bactrians , Kushans , Hephthalites , Saffarids , Ghaznavids , Ghorids , Khiljis , Timurids , Mughals , Durranis , and others have risen to form major empires .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	The political history of the modern state of Afghanistan begins in 1709 , when the Hotaki dynasty was established in Kandahar followed by Ahmad Shah Durrani 's rise to power in 1747 .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	In the late 19th century , Afghanistan became a buffer state in the `` Great Game `` between the British and Russian empires .	1
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Following the 1919 Anglo-Afghan War , King Amanullah began a European style modernization of the country but was stopped by the ultra-conservatives .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	During the Cold War , after the withdrawal of the British from neighboring India in 1947 , the United States and the Soviet Union began spreading influences in Afghanistan , which led to a bloody war between the US-backed mujahideen forces and the Soviet-backed Afghan government in which over a million Afghans lost their lives .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	This was followed by the 1990s civil war , the rise and fall of the extremist Taliban government and the 2001–present war .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	In December 2001 , the United Nations Security Council authorized the creation of the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) to help maintain security in Afghanistan and assist the Karzai administration .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	Three decades of war made Afghanistan one of the world 's most dangerous countries , including the largest producer of refugees and asylum seekers .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	While the international community is rebuilding war-torn Afghanistan , terrorist groups such as the Haqqani Network and Hezbi Islami are actively involved in a nationwide Taliban -led insurgency , which includes hundreds of assassinations and suicide attacks .	0
what two empires fought to control afghanistan	According to the United Nations , the insurgents were responsible for 80 % of civilian casualties in 2011 and 2012 .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	Cowboys Stadium is a stadium with a retractable roof in Arlington , Texas .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	It serves as the home of the National Football League 's Dallas Cowboys .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	It replaced the partially covered Texas Stadium , which opened in 1971 , and served as the Cowboys ' home through the 2008 season .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	It was completed on May 27 , 2009 .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	The stadium seats 85,000 , making it the third largest stadium in the NFL by seating capacity .	1
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	The maximum capacity of the stadium , including standing room , is 105,000 .	1
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	The Party Pass ( open areas ) sections are behind seats in each end zone and on a series of six elevated platforms connected by stairways .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	It has the world 's largest column-free interior and the fourth largest high definition video screen , which hangs from 20 yard line to 20 yard line .	0
what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium	The facility can also be used for a variety of other activities outside of its main purpose ( professional football ) such as concerts , basketball games , boxing matches , college football and high school football contests , soccer matches , and motocross races .	0
when is halley 's comet next	Halley 's Comet or Comet Halley ( or ) , officially designated 1P/Halley , is the best-known of the short-period comets and is visible from Earth every 75–76 years .	0
when is halley 's comet next	Halley is the only short-period comet that is clearly visible to the naked eye from Earth , and thus the only naked-eye comet that might appear twice in a human lifetime .	0
when is halley 's comet next	Other naked-eye comets may be brighter and more spectacular , but will appear only once in thousands of years .	0
when is halley 's comet next	Halley 's returns to the inner Solar System have been observed and recorded by astronomers since at least 240 BCE .	0
when is halley 's comet next	Clear records of the comet 's appearances were made by Chinese , Babylonian , and medieval European chroniclers , but were not recognized as reappearances of the same object at the time .	0
when is halley 's comet next	The comet 's periodicity was first determined in 1705 by English astronomer Edmond Halley , after whom it is now named .	0
when is halley 's comet next	Halley 's Comet last appeared in the inner Solar System in 1986 and will next appear in mid-2061 .	1
when is halley 's comet next	During its 1986 apparition , Halley became the first comet to be observed in detail by spacecraft , providing the first observational data on the structure of a comet nucleus and the mechanism of coma and tail formation .	0
when is halley 's comet next	These observations supported a number of longstanding hypotheses about comet construction , particularly Fred Whipple 's `` dirty snowball '' model , which correctly predicted that Halley would be composed of a mixture of volatile ices – such as water , carbon dioxide and ammonia – and dust .	0
when is halley 's comet next	The missions also provided data which substantially reformed and reconfigured these ideas ; for instance it is now understood that Halley 's surface is largely composed of dusty , non-volatile materials , and that only a small portion of it is icy .	0
what is level of agreement mean	A service-level agreement ( SLA ) is a part of a service contract where a service is formally defined .	0
what is level of agreement mean	In practice , the term SLA is sometimes used to refer to the contracted delivery time ( of the service or performance ) .	1
what is level of agreement mean	As an example , internet service providers will commonly include service level agreements within the terms of their contracts with customers to define the level ( s ) of service being sold in plain language terms .	0
what is level of agreement mean	In this case the SLA will typically have a technical definition in terms of mean time between failures ( MTBF ) , mean time to repair or mean time to recovery ( MTTR ) ; various data rates ; throughput ; jitter ; or similar measurable details .	0
What causes rogue waves	The Draupner wave , a single giant wave measured on New Year 's Day 1995 , finally confirmed the existence of freak waves , which had previously been considered near-mythical	0
What causes rogue waves	Rogue waves ( also known as freak waves , monster waves , killer waves , extreme waves , and abnormal waves ) are relatively large and spontaneous ocean surface waves that occur far out at sea , and are a threat even to large ships and ocean liners .	0
What causes rogue waves	In oceanography , they are more precisely defined as waves whose height is more than twice the significant wave height ( SWH ) , which is itself defined as the mean of the largest third of waves in a wave record .	0
What causes rogue waves	Therefore rogue waves are not necessarily the biggest waves found at sea ; they are , rather , surprisingly large waves for a given sea state .	0
What causes rogue waves	Rogue waves seem not to have a single distinct cause , but occur where physical factors such as high winds and strong currents cause waves to merge to create a single exceptionally large wave .	1
when is susan smith eligible for parole	Susan Leigh Vaughan Smith ( born September 26 , 1971 ) is an American woman sentenced to life in prison for murdering her children .	0
when is susan smith eligible for parole	Born in Union , South Carolina , and a former student of the University of South Carolina Union , she was convicted on July 22 , 1995 for murdering her two sons , 3-year-old Michael Daniel Smith , born October 10 , 1991 , and 14-month-old Alexander Tyler Smith , born August 5 , 1993 .	0
when is susan smith eligible for parole	The case gained worldwide attention shortly after it developed , due to her claiming that a black man stole her car and kidnapped her sons .	0
when is susan smith eligible for parole	She later claimed that she suffered from mental health issues that impaired her judgment .	0
when is susan smith eligible for parole	According to the South Carolina Department of Corrections , Smith will be eligible for parole on November 4 , 2024 , after serving a minimum of thirty years .	1
when is susan smith eligible for parole	She is incarcerated at South Carolina 's Leath Correctional Institution , near Greenwood .	0
what holiday is first weekend of september	Labor Day is an American federal holiday observed on the first Monday in September , that celebrates the economic and social contributions of workers .	1
what is mincemeat made of	Mince pie filled with mincemeat	0
what is mincemeat made of	Mincemeat is a mixture of chopped dried fruit , distilled spirits and spices , and sometimes beef suet , beef , or venison .	1
what is mincemeat made of	Originally , mincemeat always contained meat .	0
what is mincemeat made of	Many modern recipes contain beef suet , though vegetable shortening is sometimes used in its place .	0
what is mincemeat made of	Variants of mincemeat are found in Australia , Brittany , Canada , northern Europe , Ireland , South Africa , the United Kingdom and the United States .	0
what is mincemeat made of	In some countries the term mincemeat refers to minced or ground meat .	0
when did hitler kill himself	Front page of the U.S. Armed Forces newspaper , Stars and Stripes , 2 May 1945	0
when did hitler kill himself	Adolf Hitler committed suicide by gunshot on 30 April 1945 in his Führerbunker in Berlin .	1
when did hitler kill himself	His wife Eva ( née Braun ) committed suicide with him by ingesting cyanide .	0
when did hitler kill himself	That afternoon , in accordance with Hitler 's prior instructions , their remains were carried up the stairs through the bunker 's emergency exit , doused in petrol and set alight in the Reich Chancellery garden outside the bunker .	0
when did hitler kill himself	The Soviet archives record that their burnt remains were recovered and interred in successive locations until 1970 when they were again exhumed , cremated and the ashes scattered .	0
when did hitler kill himself	Accounts differ as to the cause of death ; one that he died by poison only and another that he died by a self-inflicted gunshot , while biting down on a cyanide capsule .	0
when did hitler kill himself	Contemporary historians have rejected these accounts as being either Soviet propaganda or an attempted compromise in order to reconcile the different conclusions .	0
when did hitler kill himself	One eye-witness recorded that the body showed signs of having been shot through the mouth , but this has been proven unlikely .	0
when did hitler kill himself	There is also controversy regarding the authenticity of skull and jaw fragments which were recovered .	0
when did hitler kill himself	In 2009 , DNA tests were performed on a skull Soviet officials had long believed to be Hitler 's .	0
when did hitler kill himself	The tests revealed that the skull was actually that of a woman less than 40 years old .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	Marion Mitchell Morrison ( born Marion Robert Morrison ; May 26 , 1907 – June 11 , 1979 ) , better known by his stage name John Wayne , was an American film actor , director and producer .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	An Academy Award -winner , Wayne was among the top box office draws for three decades , and was named the all-time top money-making star .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	An enduring American icon , he epitomized rugged masculinity and is famous for his demeanor , including his distinctive calm voice , walk , and height .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	Wayne was born in Winterset , Iowa but his family relocated to the greater Los Angeles area when he was four years old .	1
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	He found work at local film studios when he lost his football scholarship to USC as a result of a bodysurfing accident .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	Initially working for the Fox Film Corporation , he mostly appeared in small bit parts .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	His first leading role came in the widescreen epic The Big Trail ( 1930 ) , which led to leading roles in numerous films throughout the 1930s , many of them in the western genre .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	His career rose to further heights in 1939 , with John Ford 's Stagecoach making him an instant superstar .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	Wayne would go on to star in 142 pictures , primarily typecast in Western films .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	Among his best known later films are The Quiet Man ( 1952 ) , which follows him as an Irish-American boxer and his love affair with a fiery spinster played by Maureen O'Hara ; The Searchers ( 1956 ) , in which he plays a Civil War veteran who seeks out his abducted niece ; Rio Bravo ( 1959 ) , playing a Sheriff with Dean Martin ; True Grit ( 1969 ) , playing a humorous U.S . Marshal who sets out to avenge a man 's death in the role that won Wayne an Academy Award ; and The Shootist ( 1976 ) , his final screen performance in which he plays an aging gunslinger battling cancer .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	Wayne moved to Orange County , California in the 1960s , and was a prominent Republican in Hollywood , supporting anti-communist positions .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	He died of stomach cancer in 1979 .	0
WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN	In June 1999 , the American Film Institute named Wayne 13th among the Greatest Male Screen Legends of All Time .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	Adenosine deaminase deficiency , also called ADA deficiency or ADA-SCID , is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that causes immunodeficiency .	1
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	It occurs in fewer than one in 100,000 live births worldwide .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	It accounts for about 15 % of all cases of severe combined immunodeficiency ( SCID ) .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	It is very rare , you have a 3 % chance of getting this gene .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	ADA deficiency may be present in infancy , childhood , adolescense , or adulthood .	0
what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase	Age of onset and severity is related to some 29 known genotypes associated with the disorder .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Steam rising from the Nesjavellir Geothermal Power Station in Iceland .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Geothermal energy is thermal energy generated and stored in the Earth .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Thermal energy is the energy that determines the temperature of matter .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	The Geothermal energy of the Earth 's crust originates from the original formation of the planet ( 20 % ) and from radioactive decay of minerals ( 80 % ) .	1
what is the source of geothermal energy	The geothermal gradient , which is the difference in temperature between the core of the planet and its surface , drives a continuous conduction of thermal energy in the form of heat from the core to the surface .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	The adjective geothermal originates from the Greek roots γη ( ge ) , meaning earth , and θερμος ( thermos ) , meaning hot .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	At the core of the Earth , thermal energy is created by radioactive decay and temperatures may reach over 5000 °C ( 9,000 °F ) .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Heat conducts from the core to surrounding cooler rock .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	The high temperature and pressure cause some rock to melt , creating magma convection upward since it is lighter than the solid rock .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	The magma heats rock and water in the crust , sometimes up to 370 °C ( 700 °F ) .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	From hot springs , geothermal energy has been used for bathing since Paleolithic times and for space heating since ancient Roman times , but it is now better known for electricity generation .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Worldwide , about 10,715 megawatts ( MW ) of geothermal power is online in 24 countries .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	An additional 28 gigawatts of direct geothermal heating capacity is installed for district heating , space heating , spas , industrial processes , desalination and agricultural applications .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Geothermal power is cost effective , reliable , sustainable , and environmentally friendly , but has historically been limited to areas near tectonic plate boundaries .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Recent technological advances have dramatically expanded the range and size of viable resources , especially for applications such as home heating , opening a potential for widespread exploitation .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Geothermal wells release greenhouse gases trapped deep within the earth , but these emissions are much lower per energy unit than those of fossil fuels .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	As a result , geothermal power has the potential to help mitigate global warming if widely deployed in place of fossil fuels .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	The Earth 's geothermal resources are theoretically more than adequate to supply humanity 's energy needs , but only a very small fraction may be profitably exploited .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Drilling and exploration for deep resources is very expensive .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Forecasts for the future of geothermal power depend on assumptions about technology , energy prices , subsidies , and interest rates .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	Pilot programs like EWEB 's customer opt in Green Power Program show that customers would be willing to pay a little more for a renewable energy source like geothermal .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	But as a result of government assisted research and industry experience , the cost of generating geothermal power has decreased by 25 % over the past two decades .	0
what is the source of geothermal energy	In 2001 , geothermal energy cost between two and ten cents per kwh .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	The Gunfight at the O.K . Corral was a gunfight that took place at about 3:00 p.m. on Wednesday , October 26 , 1881 , in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , and is generally regarded as the most famous gunfight in the history of the American Old West .	1
when was the battle at tombstone fought	The gunfight , believed to have lasted only about thirty seconds , was fought between the outlaw Cowboys Billy Claiborne , Ike and Billy Clanton , and Tom and Frank McLaury , and the opposing town Marshal Virgil Earp and his brothers Assistant Town Marshal Morgan and temporary lawman Wyatt , aided by Doc Holliday designated as a temporary marshal by Virgil .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Ike Clanton and Billy Claiborne ran from the fight unharmed , but Ike 's brother Billy Clanton was killed , along with both McLaurys .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Lawmen Virgil and Morgan Earp and Doc Holliday were wounded .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Only Wyatt Earp came through the fight unharmed .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	The fight has come to represent a time in American history when the frontier was open range for outlaws opposed by law enforcement that was spread thin over vast territories , leaving some areas unprotected .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	The gunfight was not well known to the American public until 1931 when author Stuart Lake published what has since been determined to be a largely fictionalized biography , Wyatt Earp : Frontier Marshal , two years after Earp 's death .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Lake retold his story in a 1946 book that director John Ford developed into the movie My Darling Clementine .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	After the movie Gunfight at the O.K . Corral was released in 1957 , the shootout came to be known by that name .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Since then , the conflict has been portrayed with varying degrees of accuracy in numerous Western films and books .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Despite its name , the gunfight actually occurred in a narrow lot six doors west of the rear entrance to the O.K . Corral on Fremont Street , and also in the street .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	The two opposing parties were initially only about apart .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	About thirty shots were fired in thirty seconds .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	Ike Clanton filed murder charges against the Earps and Doc Holliday but they were eventually exonerated by a local judge after a 30-day preliminary hearing and then again by a local grand jury .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	On December 28 , 1881 , Virgil Earp was maimed in an assassination attempt by the outlaw Cowboys , and on March 18 , 1882 , they assassinated Morgan Earp .	0
when was the battle at tombstone fought	The suspects furnished solid alibis , and newly appointed Deputy U.S . Marshal Wyatt Earp took matters into his own hands during the Earp Vendetta Ride , ironically pursued by county Sheriff Johnny Behan with warrants for the Earp 's arrest .	0
what county is wilton ca in	Wilton is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Sacramento County , California , United States .	1
what county is wilton ca in	It is part of the Sacramento – Arden-Arcade – Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
what county is wilton ca in	The population was 5,363 at the 2010 census , up from 4,551 at the 2000 census .	0
what year did martin luther king die	Martin Luther King , Jr. ( January 15 , 1929 – April 4 , 1968 ) was an American clergyman , activist , and leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement .	1
what year did martin luther king die	He is best known for his role in the advancement of civil rights using nonviolent civil disobedience .	0
what year did martin luther king die	King has become a national icon in the history of American progressivism .	0
what year did martin luther king die	A Baptist minister , King became a civil rights activist early in his career .	0
what year did martin luther king die	He led the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott and helped found the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ( SCLC ) in 1957 , serving as its first president .	0
what year did martin luther king die	With the SCLC , King led an unsuccessful struggle against segregation in Albany , Georgia , in 1962 , and organized nonviolent protests in Birmingham , Alabama , that attracted national attention following television news coverage of the brutal police response .	0
what year did martin luther king die	King also helped to organize the 1963 March on Washington , where he delivered his `` I Have a Dream `` speech .	0
what year did martin luther king die	There , he established his reputation as one of the greatest orators in American history .	0
what year did martin luther king die	He also established his reputation as a radical , and became an object of the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's COINTELPRO for the rest of his life .	0
what year did martin luther king die	FBI agents investigated him for possible communist ties , recorded his extramarital liaisons and reported on them to government officials , and on one occasion , mailed King a threatening anonymous letter that he interpreted as an attempt to make him commit suicide .	0
what year did martin luther king die	On October 14 , 1964 , King received the Nobel Peace Prize for combating racial inequality through nonviolence .	0
what year did martin luther king die	In 1965 , he and the SCLC helped to organize the Selma to Montgomery marches and the following year , he took the movement north to Chicago .	0
what year did martin luther king die	In the final years of his life , King expanded his focus to include poverty and the Vietnam War , alienating many of his liberal allies with a 1967 speech titled `` Beyond Vietnam '' .	0
what year did martin luther king die	King was planning a national occupation of Washington , D.C. , called the Poor People 's Campaign .	0
what year did martin luther king die	King was assassinated on April 4 , 1968 , in Memphis , Tennessee .	0
what year did martin luther king die	His death was followed by riots in many U.S. cities .	0
what year did martin luther king die	Allegations that James Earl Ray , the man convicted of killing King , had been framed or acted in concert with government agents persisted for decades after the shooting , and the jury of a 1999 civil trial found Loyd Jowers to be complicit in a conspiracy against King .	0
what year did martin luther king die	King was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the Congressional Gold Medal posthumously .	0
what year did martin luther king die	Martin Luther King , Jr. Day was established as a U.S. federal holiday in 1986 .	0
what year did martin luther king die	Hundreds of streets in the U.S. have been renamed in his honor .	0
what year did martin luther king die	A memorial statue on the National Mall was opened to the public in 2011 .	0
what does 3g network mean	3G , short for third Generation , is the third generation of mobile telecommunications technology .	1
what does 3g network mean	3G telecommunication networks support services that provide an information transfer rate of at least 200 kbit/s .	0
what does 3g network mean	However , many services advertised as 3G provide higher speed than the minimum technical requirements for a 3G service .	0
what does 3g network mean	Recent 3G releases , often denoted 3.5G and 3.75G , also provide mobile broadband access of several Mbit/s to smartphones and mobile modems in laptop computers .	0
what does 3g network mean	3G finds application in wireless voice telephony , mobile Internet access , fixed wireless Internet access , video calls and mobile TV .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Schizophrenia ( or ) is a mental disorder characterized by a breakdown of thought processes and by a deficit of typical emotional responses .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Common symptoms include auditory hallucinations , paranoid or bizarre delusions , or disorganized speech and thinking , and it is accompanied by significant social or occupational dysfunction .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	The onset of symptoms typically occurs in young adulthood , with a global lifetime prevalence of about 0.3–0.7 % .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Diagnosis is based on observed behavior and the patient 's reported experiences .	1
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Genetics , early environment , neurobiology , and psychological and social processes appear to be important contributory factors ; some recreational and prescription drugs appear to cause or worsen symptoms .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Current research is focused on the role of neurobiology , although no single isolated organic cause has been found .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	The many possible combinations of symptoms have triggered debate about whether the diagnosis represents a single disorder or a number of discrete syndromes .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Despite the etymology of the term from the Greek roots skhizein ( σχίζειν , `` to split '' ) and phrēn , phren- ( φρήν , φρεν- ; `` mind '' ) , schizophrenia does not imply a `` split personality '' , or `` multiple personality disorder '' ( which is known these days as dissociative identity disorder ) —a condition with which it is often confused in public perception .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Rather , the term means a `` splitting of mental functions '' , because of the symptomatic presentation of the illness .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	The mainstay of treatment is antipsychotic medication , which primarily suppresses dopamine ( and sometimes serotonin ) receptor activity .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Psychotherapy and vocational and social rehabilitation are also important in treatment .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	In more serious cases—where there is risk to self and others— involuntary hospitalization may be necessary , although hospital stays are now shorter and less frequent than they once were .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	The disorder is thought mainly to affect cognition , but it also usually contributes to chronic problems with behavior and emotion .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	People with schizophrenia are likely to have additional ( comorbid ) conditions , including major depression and anxiety disorders ; the lifetime occurrence of substance use disorder is almost 50 % .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	Social problems , such as long-term unemployment , poverty , and homelessness are common .	0
how is schizophrenia diagnosed ?	The average life expectancy of people with the disorder is 12 to 15 years less than those without , the result of increased physical health problems and a higher suicide rate ( about 5 % ) .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Ronald Wilson Reagan ( ; February 6 , 1911 – June 5 , 2004 ) was the 40th President of the United States ( 1981–1989 ) .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Prior to that , he was the 33rd Governor of California ( 1967–1975 ) , and a radio , film and television actor .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Born in Tampico , Illinois , and raised in Dixon , Reagan was educated at Eureka College , earning a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and sociology .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	After graduating , Reagan moved first to Iowa to work as a radio broadcaster and then , in 1937 , to Los Angeles where he began a career as an actor , first in films and later television .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Some of his most notable films include Knute Rockne , All American ( 1940 ) , Kings Row ( 1942 ) , and Bedtime for Bonzo ( 1951 ) .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Reagan served as President of the Screen Actors Guild and later as a spokesman for General Electric ( GE ) ; his start in politics occurred during his work for GE .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Originally a member of the Democratic Party , his positions began shifting rightward in the 1950s , and he switched to the Republican Party in 1962 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	After delivering a rousing speech in support of Barry Goldwater 's presidential candidacy in 1964 , he was persuaded to seek the California governorship , winning two years later and again in 1970 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	He was defeated in his run for the Republican presidential nomination in 1968 and in 1976 , but won both the nomination and general election in 1980 , defeating incumbent Jimmy Carter .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	As president , Reagan implemented sweeping new political and economic initiatives .	1
what did ronald reagan do as president	His supply-side economic policies , dubbed `` Reaganomics `` , advocated reducing tax rates to spur economic growth , controlling the money supply to reduce inflation , deregulation of the economy , and reducing government spending .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	In his first term he survived an assassination attempt , took a hard line against labor unions , announced a new War on Drugs , and ordered an invasion of Grenada .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	He was re-elected in a landslide in 1984 , proclaiming that it was `` Morning in America `` .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	His second term was primarily marked by foreign matters , such as the ending of the Cold War , the 1986 bombing of Libya , and the revelation of the Iran-Contra affair .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Publicly describing the Soviet Union as an `` evil empire `` , he supported anti-communist movements worldwide and spent his first term forgoing the strategy of détente by ordering a massive military buildup in an arms race with the USSR .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Reagan negotiated with Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev , culminating in the INF Treaty and the decrease of both countries ' nuclear arsenals .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	Reagan left office in 1989 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	In 1994 , the former president disclosed that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease earlier in the year ; he died ten years later at the age of 93 .	0
what did ronald reagan do as president	A conservative icon , he ranks highly in public opinion polls of U.S. Presidents and is credited for generating an ideological renaissance on the American political right .	0
what cheese is made from goat 's milk	Goat cheese	0
what cheese is made from goat 's milk	Goat cheese , or chèvre ( from the French word for goat ) , is cheese made out of the milk of goats .	1
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	Mary Poppins is the title character of a series of children 's books written by P. L. Travers .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	Throughout the Mary Poppins series , which lasted from 1934 to 1988 , Mary Shepard was the illustrator and acted as a second author .	1
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	The books centre on a magical English nanny , Mary Poppins .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	She is blown by the East wind to Number Seventeen Cherry Tree Lane , London , and into the Banks ' household to care for their children .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	Encounters with chimney sweeps , shopkeepers and various adventures follow until Mary Poppins abruptly leaves , i.e. , `` pops-out '' .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	The adventures take place over a total of eight books .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	However , only the first three books feature Mary Poppins arriving and leaving .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	The later five books recount previously unrecorded adventures from her original three visits .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	As P. L. Travers explains in her introduction to Mary Poppins in the Park , `` She can not forever arrive and depart . ''	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	The books were adapted in 1964 into a musical Disney film starring Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	In 2004 , Disney Theatrical produced a stage musical adaptation in the West End theatre .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	The stage musical was transferred to Broadway in 2006 where it ran until its closing on March 3 , 2013 .	0
When was the first Mary Poppins book written	It has been highly successful , as was the 1964 film .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Farmington Hills is an affluent community in southeastern Michigan .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	It is the second largest city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan .	1
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Its population was 79,740 at the 2010 census .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	It is part of the upscale northwestern suburbs of Metropolitan Detroit and is also northeast of downtown Ann Arbor .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Farmington Hills consistently ranks as one of the safest cities in the United States , as well as in the state of Michigan .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	In 2010 , the area ranked as the 30th safest city in America .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Although the two cities have separate services and addresses , Farmington and Farmington Hills are often thought of as the same community .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Features of the community include a recently renovated downtown , boutiques , a vintage cinema , numerous restaurants , exotic car dealerships , art galleries , and public parks including Heritage Park .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	There are several historical sites including the Longacre House and the Governor Warner Mansion .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Both cities are served by Farmington Public Schools .	0
What county is Farmington Hills , MI in ?	Farmington Hills serves as a major business center for the greater Detroit area .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	John Fitzgerald `` Jack '' Kennedy ( May 29 , 1917 – November 22 , 1963 ) , often referred to by his initials JFK , was the 35th President of the United States , serving from 1961 until his death in 1963 .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	After military service as commander of the Motor Torpedo Boats PT-109 and PT-59 during World War II in the South Pacific , Kennedy represented Massachusetts ' 11th congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1947 to 1953 as a Democrat .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Thereafter , he served in the U.S. Senate from 1953 until 1960 .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Kennedy defeated Vice President and Republican candidate Richard Nixon in the 1960 U.S. presidential election .	1
who did john f kennedy run against ?	At 43 years of age , he is the youngest to have been elected to the office , the second-youngest President ( after Theodore Roosevelt ) , and the first person born in the 20th century to serve as president .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	A Catholic , Kennedy is the only non- Protestant president , and is the only president to have won a Pulitzer Prize .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Events during his presidency included the Bay of Pigs Invasion , the Cuban Missile Crisis , the building of the Berlin Wall , the Space Race , the African-American Civil Rights Movement , and early stages of the Vietnam War .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Therein , Kennedy increased the number of military advisers , special operation forces , and helicopters in an effort to curb the spread of communism in South East Asia .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	The Kennedy administration adopted the policy of the Strategic Hamlet Program which was implemented by the South Vietnamese government .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	It involved certain forced relocation , village internment , and segregation of rural South Vietnamese from the northern and southern communist insurgents .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Kennedy was assassinated on November 22 , 1963 in Dallas , Texas .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Lee Harvey Oswald was charged with the crime , but he was shot and killed by Jack Ruby two days later , before a trial could take place .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	The FBI and the Warren Commission officially concluded that Oswald was the lone assassin .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	However , the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations ( HSCA ) concluded that those investigations were flawed and that Kennedy was probably assassinated as the result of a conspiracy .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	However , ABC News in their investigation , The Kennedy Assassination : Beyond Conspiracy , confirmed the findings of the Warren Commission ; having concluded Oswald acted alone .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Kennedy 's controversial Department of Defense TFX fighter bomber program led to a Congressional investigation that lasted from 1963 to 1970 .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Since the 1960s information concerning Kennedy 's private life has come to light .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Details of Kennedy 's health problems in which he struggled have become better known , especially since the 1990s .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Although initially kept secret from the general public , reports of Kennedy 's philandering have garnered much press .	0
who did john f kennedy run against ?	Kennedy ranks highly in public opinion ratings of U.S. presidents .	0
how many kids does archie manning have	Elisha Archibald `` Archie '' Manning III ( born May 19 , 1949 ) is a former American football quarterback in the National Football League , playing for the New Orleans Saints from 1971 to 1982 , then for the Houston Oilers and Minnesota Vikings .	0
how many kids does archie manning have	He is the father of current Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning , current New York Giants starting quarterback Eli Manning , and former Ole Miss receiver Cooper Manning .	1
WHAT IS A LAW ENFORCEMENT MURDER BOOK	In law enforcement parlance , the term murder book refers to the case file of a murder investigation .	1
WHAT IS A LAW ENFORCEMENT MURDER BOOK	Typically , murder books include crime scene photographs and sketches , autopsy and forensic reports , transcripts of investigators ' notes and witness interviews .	0
WHAT IS A LAW ENFORCEMENT MURDER BOOK	The murder book encapsulates the complete paper trail of a murder investigation , from the time the murder is first reported through the arrest of a suspect .	0
WHAT IS A LAW ENFORCEMENT MURDER BOOK	Law enforcement agencies typically guard murder books carefully , and it is unusual for civilians to be given unfettered access to these kinds of records , especially for unsolved cases .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	The simplified internal structure of a chloroplast	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	Overview of the Calvin cycle and carbon fixation	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	The light-independent reactions of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose .	1
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	These reactions occur in the stroma , the fluid-filled area of a chloroplast outside of the thylakoid membranes .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	These reactions take the light-dependent reactions and perform further chemical processes on them .	1
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	There are three phases to the light-independent reactions , collectively called the Calvin cycle : carbon fixation , reduction reactions , and ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate ( RuBP ) regeneration .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	Despite its name , this process occurs only when light is available .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	Plants do not carry out the Calvin cycle by night .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	They , instead , release sucrose into the phloem from their starch reserves .	0
what happens to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis ?	This process happens when light is available independent of the kind of photosynthesis ( C3 carbon fixation , C4 carbon fixation , and Crassulacean Acid Metabolism ) ; CAM plants store malic acid in their vacuoles every night and release it by day in order to make this process work .	0
what is .17 hmr caliber	.17 Hornady Magnum Rimfire , commonly known as the .17 HMR , is a rimfire rifle cartridge developed by the ammunition company Hornady in 2002 .	1
what is .17 hmr caliber	It descended from the .22 Magnum by necking down the .22 Magnum case to take a .17 caliber ( 4.5 mm ) bullet , and it is more costly to shoot than traditional .22 caliber rimfire cartridges .	0
what is .17 hmr caliber	Commonly loaded with a 17 grain ( 1.1 g ) bullet , it can deliver muzzle velocities in excess of 2550 ft/s ( 775 m/s ) .	0
where is j.cole from	Jermaine Lamarr Cole ( born January 28 , 1985 ) , better known by his stage name J. Cole , is an American hip-hop recording artist and record producer from Fayetteville , North Carolina .	1
where is j.cole from	In 2009 , he became the first artist to sign to Jay-Z 's Roc Nation label .	0
where is j.cole from	His long-awaited debut album , entitled Cole World : The Sideline Story , was released on September 27 , 2011 .	0
where is j.cole from	The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 , Top R & B Albums and Top Rap Albums chart , selling more than 218,000 in its first week .	0
where is j.cole from	He received a nomination for Best New Artist at the 54th Grammy Awards .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Many languages are used , or historically have been used in the United States .	0
what is the official language of america ?	The most commonly used language is English .	1
what is the official language of america ?	There are also many languages indigenous to North America or to U.S. states or holdings in the Pacific region .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Languages brought to the country by colonists or immigrants from Europe , Asia , or other parts of the world make up a large portion of the languages currently used ; several languages , including creoles and sign languages , have also developed in the United States .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Approximately 337 languages are spoken or signed by the population , of which 176 are indigenous to the area .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Fifty-two languages formerly spoken in the country 's territory are now extinct .	0
what is the official language of america ?	The variety of English spoken in the United States is known as American English .	0
what is the official language of america ?	English is the de facto national language of the United States , with 80 % of the population claiming it as a mother tongue , and some 95 % claiming to speak it `` well '' or `` very well '' .	0
what is the official language of america ?	However , no official language exists at the federal level .	0
what is the official language of america ?	There have been several proposals to make English the national language in amendments to immigration reform bills , but none of these bills has become law with the amendment intact .	0
what is the official language of america ?	The situation is quite varied at the state and territorial levels , with some states mirroring the federal policy of adopting no official language in a de jure capacity , others adopting English alone , others officially adopting English as well as local languages , and still others adopting a policy of de facto bilingualism .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Spanish is the second most common language in the country , and is spoken by over 12 % of the population .	0
what is the official language of america ?	The United States holds the world 's fifth largest Spanish-speaking population , outnumbered only by Mexico , Spain , Colombia , and Argentina .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Throughout the Southwestern United States , long-established Spanish-speaking communities coexist with large numbers of more recent Hispanophone immigrants .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Although many new Latin American immigrants are less than fluent in English , nearly all second-generation Hispanic Americans speak English fluently , while only about half still speak Spanish .	0
what is the official language of america ?	According to the 2000 US census , people of German ancestry make up the largest single ethnic group in the United States , and the German language ranks fifth .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Italian , Polish , and French are still widely spoken among populations descending from immigrants from those countries in the early 20th century , but the use of these languages is dwindling as the older generations die .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Russian is also spoken by immigrant populations .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Tagalog and Vietnamese have over one million speakers each in the United States , almost entirely within recent immigrant populations .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Both languages , along with the varieties of the Chinese language , Japanese , and Korean , are now used in elections in Alaska , California , Hawaii , Illinois , New York , Texas , and Washington .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Native American languages are spoken in smaller pockets of the country , but these populations are decreasing , and the languages are almost never widely used outside of reservations .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Hawaiian , although having few native speakers , is an official language along with English at the state level in Hawaii .	0
what is the official language of america ?	The state government of Louisiana offers services and documents in French , as does New Mexico in Spanish .	0
what is the official language of america ?	Besides English , Spanish , French , German , Navajo and other Native American languages , all other languages are usually learned from immigrant ancestors that came after the time of independence or learned through some form of education .	0
how many books in bible	Different religious groups include different books in their Biblical canons , in varying orders , and sometimes divide or combine books , or incorporate additional material into canonical books .	0
how many books in bible	Christian Bibles range from the sixty-six books of the Protestant canon to the eighty-one books of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church canon .	1
how many books in bible	The Hebrew Bible , or Tanakh , contains twenty-four books divided into three parts ; the five books of the Torah ( `` teaching '' or `` law '' ) , the Nevi'im ( `` prophets '' ) , and the Ketuvim ( `` writings '' ) .	0
how many books in bible	The first part of Christian Bibles is the Old Testament , which contains , at minimum , the twenty-four books of the Hebrew Bible divided into thirty-nine books and ordered differently from the Hebrew Bible .	0
how many books in bible	The Catholic Church and Eastern Christian churches also hold certain deuterocanonical books and passages to be part of the Old Testament canon .	0
how many books in bible	The second part is the New Testament , containing twenty-seven books ; the four Canonical gospels , Acts of the Apostles , twenty-one Epistles or letters and the Book of Revelation .	0
how many books in bible	The Eastern Orthodox , Oriental Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches may have minor differences in their lists of accepted books .	0
how many books in bible	The list given here for these churches is the most inclusive : if at least one Eastern church accepts the book it is included here .	0
how did anne frank die	Annelies `` Anne '' Marie Frank ( , ? , ; 12 June 1929early March 1945 ) is one of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust .	0
how did anne frank die	Her diary has been the basis for several plays and films .	0
how did anne frank die	Born in the city of Frankfurt am Main in Weimar Germany , she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .	0
how did anne frank die	Born a German national , Frank lost her citizenship in 1941 .	0
how did anne frank die	She gained international fame posthumously after her diary was published .	0
how did anne frank die	It documents her experiences hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .	0
how did anne frank die	The Frank family moved from Germany to Amsterdam in 1933 , the year the Nazis gained control over Germany .	0
how did anne frank die	By the beginning of 1940 , they were trapped in Amsterdam by the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .	0
how did anne frank die	As persecutions of the Jewish population increased in July 1942 , the family went into hiding in the hidden rooms of Anne 's father , Otto Frank 's , office building .	0
how did anne frank die	After two years , the group was betrayed and transported to concentration camps .	0
how did anne frank die	Anne Frank and her sister , Margot , were eventually transferred to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp , where they died of typhus in March 1945 .	1
how did anne frank die	Otto Frank , the only survivor of the family , returned to Amsterdam after the war to find that Anne 's diary had been saved , and his efforts led to its publication in 1947 .	0
how did anne frank die	It was translated from its original Dutch and first published in English in 1952 as The Diary of a Young Girl .	0
how did anne frank die	It has since been translated into many languages .	0
how did anne frank die	The diary , which was given to Anne on her 13th birthday , chronicles her life from 12 June 1942 until 1 August 1944 .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Kansas ( ) is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	It is named after the Kansas River which flows through it , which in turn was named after the Kansa Native American tribe , which inhabited the area .	1
who owned kansas before it became a state	The tribe 's name ( natively kką : ze ) is often said to mean `` people of the wind '' or `` people of the south wind , '' although this was probably not the term 's original meaning .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Residents of Kansas are called `` Kansans . ''	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	For thousands of years what is now Kansas was home to numerous and diverse Native American tribes .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Tribes in the Eastern part of the state generally lived in villages along the river valleys .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Tribes in the Western part of the state were semi- nomadic and hunted large herds of bison .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Kansas was first settled by European Americans in the 1830s , but the pace of settlement accelerated in the 1850s , in the midst of political wars over the slavery issue .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	When officially opened to settlement by the U.S. government in 1854 , abolitionist Free-Staters from New England and pro-slavery settlers from neighboring Missouri rushed to the territory to determine if Kansas would become a free state or a slave state .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Thus , the area was a hotbed of violence and chaos in its early days as these forces collided , and was known as Bleeding Kansas .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	The abolitionists eventually prevailed and on January 29 , 1861 , Kansas entered the Union as a free state .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	After the Civil War , the population of Kansas grew rapidly , when waves of immigrants turned the prairie into farmland .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Today , Kansas is one of the most productive agricultural states , producing high yields of wheat , sorghum and sunflowers .	0
who owned kansas before it became a state	Kansas is the 15th most extensive and the 33rd most populous of the 50 United States .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine boy at a Greek symposium	0
what country did wine originate in	The history of wine spans thousands of years and is closely intertwined with the history of agriculture , cuisine , civilization and humanity itself .	0
what country did wine originate in	Archaeological evidence suggests that the earliest known wine production occurred in what is now the country of Georgia around 7000 BCE , with other notable sites in Greater Iran dated 4500 BCE and Armenia 4100 BCE , respectively .	1
what country did wine originate in	The world 's oldest known winery ( dated to 3000 BCE ) was discovered in Areni-1 cave in a mountainous area of Armenia .	0
what country did wine originate in	URL_http .	0
what country did wine originate in	Increasingly clear archaeological evidence indicates that domestication of the grapevine took place during the Early Bronze Age in the Near East , Sumer and Egypt from around the third millennium BCE .	0
what country did wine originate in	Evidence of the earliest wine production in Balkans has been uncovered at archaeological sites in northern Greece ( Macedonia ) , dated to 4500 BC .	0
what country did wine originate in	These same sites also contain remnants of the world 's earliest evidence of crushed grapes .	0
what country did wine originate in	In Egypt , wine became a part of recorded history , playing an important role in ancient ceremonial life .	0
what country did wine originate in	Traces of wild wine dating from the second and first millennia BCE have also been found in China .	0
what country did wine originate in	Moroccan wine Kasher label 1930	0
what country did wine originate in	The Jewish tradition and use of kosher wine is dating back to biblical times .	0
what country did wine originate in	The long history of the use and production of wine throughout ancient Israel is backed up by archeological evidence .	0
what country did wine originate in	Within the Jewish diaspora communities all around the globe , the traditional and religious use of kosher wine continued to this day .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine , linked in myth to Dionysus / Bacchus , was common in ancient Greece and Rome , and many of today 's major wine-producing regions of Western Europe were established with Phoenician and , later , Roman plantations .	0
what country did wine originate in	Winemaking technology improved considerably during the time of the Roman Empire : many grape varieties and cultivation techniques were known ; the design of the wine press advanced ; and barrels were developed for storing and shipping wine .	0
what country did wine originate in	Rashi , a medieval French rabbi and called the `` father '' of all commentaries that followed on the Talmud and the Tanakh , earned his living as a vintner .	0
what country did wine originate in	Following the decline of Rome and its industrial-scale wine production for export , the Christian Church in medieval Europe also became a firm supporter of wine , necessary for celebration of the Catholic Mass . Whereas wine was forbidden in medieval Islamic cultures , its use in Christian libation was widely tolerated .	0
what country did wine originate in	Geber and other Muslim chemists pioneered the distillation of wine for Islamic medicinal and industrial purposes such as perfume .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine production gradually increased , with consumption burgeoning from the 15th century onwards .	0
what country did wine originate in	Wine production survived the devastating Phylloxera louse of 1887 and eventually spread to numerous regions throughout the world .	0
who is elizabeth from general hospital who are the boys fathers	Elizabeth Imogene Webber ( formerly Lansing and Spencer ) is a fictional character on the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital .	1
who is elizabeth from general hospital who are the boys fathers	Elizabeth is the granddaughter of Dr. Steve Hardy ( John Beradino ) , one of the originating core characters of the series .	0
who is elizabeth from general hospital who are the boys fathers	Rebecca Herbst originated the character on August 1 , 1997 and has been the only contract actress to play the role .	0
who is elizabeth from general hospital who are the boys fathers	Elizabeth is part of two supercouple pairings , Lucky Spencer and Elizabeth Webber and Jason Morgan and Elizabeth Webber .	0
what causes the seasons	A season is a subdivision of the year , marked by changes in weather , ecology , and hours of daylight .	0
what causes the seasons	Seasons result from the yearly revolution of the Earth around the Sun and the tilt of the Earth 's axis relative to the plane of revolution .	1
what causes the seasons	In temperate and polar regions , the seasons are marked by changes in the intensity of sunlight that reaches the Earth 's surface , variations of which may cause animals to go into hibernation or to migrate , and plants to be dormant .	0
what causes the seasons	During May , June and July , the northern hemisphere is exposed to more direct sunlight because the hemisphere faces the sun .	0
what causes the seasons	The same is true of the southern hemisphere in November , December and January .	0
what causes the seasons	It is the tilt of the Earth that causes the Sun to be higher in the sky during the summer months which increases the solar flux .	0
what causes the seasons	However , due to seasonal lag , June , July and August are the hottest months in the northern hemisphere and December , January and February are the hottest months in the southern hemisphere .	0
what causes the seasons	In temperate and subpolar regions , generally four calendar -based seasons ( with their adjectives ) are recognized : spring ( vernal ) , summer ( estival ) , autumn ( autumnal ) and winter ( hibernal ) .	0
what causes the seasons	However , ecologists mostly use a six season model for temperate climate regions that includes pre-spring ( prevernal ) and late summer ( serotinal ) as distinct seasons along with the traditional four .	0
what causes the seasons	Hot regions have two or three seasons ; the rainy ( or wet , or monsoon ) season and the dry season , and in some tropical areas , a cool or mild season .	0
what causes the seasons	In some parts of the world , special `` seasons '' are loosely defined based on important events such as a hurricane season , tornado season or a wildfire season .	0
what causes the seasons	The six ecological seasons	0
what causes the seasons	The four calendar seasons , depicted in an ancient Roman mosaic from Tunisia	0
when did jack lalanne die	Francois Henri `` Jack '' LaLanne ( September 26 , 1914 - January 23 , 2011 ) was an American fitness , exercise , and nutritional expert and motivational speaker who is sometimes called `` the godfather of fitness '' and the `` first fitness superhero . ''	1
when did jack lalanne die	He described himself as being a `` sugarholic '' and a `` junk food junkie '' until he was 15 .	0
when did jack lalanne die	He also had behavioral problems , but `` turned his life around '' after listening to a public lecture by Paul Bragg , a well-known nutrition speaker .	0
when did jack lalanne die	During his career , he came to believe that the country 's overall health depended on the health of its population , writing that `` physical culture and nutrition — is the salvation of America . ''	0
when did jack lalanne die	Decades before health and fitness began being promoted by celebrities like Jane Fonda and Richard Simmons , LaLanne was already widely recognized for publicly preaching the health benefits of regular exercise and a good diet .	0
when did jack lalanne die	He published numerous books on fitness and hosted a fitness television show between 1953 and 1985 .	0
when did jack lalanne die	As early as 1936 , at age 21 , he opened one of the nation 's first fitness gyms in Oakland , California , which became a prototype for dozens of similar gyms using his name .	0
when did jack lalanne die	One of his 1950s television exercise programs was aimed toward women , whom he also encouraged to join his health clubs .	0
when did jack lalanne die	He invented a number of exercise machines , including leg-extension and pulley devices .	0
when did jack lalanne die	Besides producing his own series of videos , he coached the elderly and disabled not to forgo exercise , believing it would enable them to enhance their strength .	0
when did jack lalanne die	LaLanne also gained recognition for his success as a bodybuilder , as well as for his prodigious feats of strength .	0
when did jack lalanne die	Arnold Schwarzenegger once stated , `` That Jack LaLanne 's an animal ! , '' after LaLanne , at 54 , beat a 21-year-old Schwarzenegger `` badly '' in an informal contest .	0
when did jack lalanne die	On the occasion of LaLanne 's death , Schwarzenegger credited LaLanne for being `` an apostle for fitness '' by inspiring `` billions all over the world to live healthier lives , '' and , as governor of California , had earlier placed him on his Governor 's Council on Physical Fitness .	0
when did jack lalanne die	Steve Reeves credited LaLanne as his inspiration to build his muscular physique while keeping a slim waist .	0
when did jack lalanne die	He was inducted to the California Hall of Fame and has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .	0
who sang sun city	`` Sun City '' is a 1985 protest song written by Steven Van Zandt , produced by Van Zandt and Arthur Baker and recorded by Artists United Against Apartheid to convey opposition to the South African policy of apartheid .	1
who sang sun city	The primary means of that opposition is to declare that all the artists involved would refuse any and all offers to perform at Sun City , a resort which was located in Bantustan of Bophuthatswana , one of a number of internationally unrecognized supposed `` independent '' states created by the South African government to forcibly relocate its black population .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	Trin-i-tee 5:7 is a gospel duo from New Orleans , Louisiana in the United States .	1
who is in the group trinity 5 7	The group was marketed as a gospel alternative to R & B girl groups such as Destiny 's Child and TLC .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	Trin-i-tee 5:7 has sold over 2.5 million albums .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	In 1998 , the group released their first album entitled Trin-i-tee 5:7 which debut at # 1 on the Top Gospel charts .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	The album featured the songs `` God 's Grace '' and the cover song `` Oh !	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	Mary Do n't You Weep '' .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	The album later became certified gold .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	In 1999 , Terri Brown left the group and was later replaced by singer Adrian Anderson .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	During that year , the group recorded and released their second album , Spiritual Love .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	The album became the group 's second # 1 album on the Top Gospel charts .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	The album contained the singles `` Put Your Hands '' and `` My Body '' .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	In 2002 , the group released their third album The Kiss which debuted at # 2 on the Top Gospel charts .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	In 2007 , the group left GospoCentric Records and signed a record deal with Spirit Rising Music .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	In late 2007 , Trin-i-tee 5:7 released their fifth album T57 , which featured the top ten gospel single `` Listen '' .	0
who is in the group trinity 5 7	T57 charted # 2 on the Top Gospel Albums , # 5 on the Top Christian charts , and # 12 on the Top R & B charts .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	Photo of 1999 total eclipse	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	As seen from the Earth , a solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between the Sun and Earth , and the Moon fully or partially blocks ( `` occults `` ) the Sun .	1
when do solar eclipses happen ?	This can happen only at new moon , when the Sun and the Moon are in conjunction as seen from Earth in an alignment referred to as syzygy .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	In a total eclipse , the disk of the Sun is fully obscured by the Moon .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	In partial and annular eclipses only part of the Sun is obscured .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	If the Moon were in a perfectly circular orbit , a little closer to the Earth , and in the same orbital plane , there would be total solar eclipses every single month .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	However , the Moon 's orbit is inclined ( tilted ) at more than 5 degrees to Earth 's orbit around the Sun ( see ecliptic ) so its shadow at new moon usually misses Earth .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	Earth 's orbit is called the ecliptic plane as the Moon 's orbit must cross this plane in order for an eclipse ( both solar as well as lunar ) to occur .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	In addition , the Moon 's actual orbit is elliptical , often taking it far enough away from Earth that its apparent size is not large enough to block the Sun totally .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	The orbital planes cross each year at a line of nodes resulting in at least two , and up to five , solar eclipses occurring each year ; no more than two of which can be total eclipses .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	However , total solar eclipses are rare at any particular location because totality exists only along a narrow path on Earth 's surface traced by the Moon 's shadow or umbra .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	An eclipse is a natural phenomenon .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	Nevertheless , in some ancient and modern cultures , solar eclipses have been attributed to supernatural causes or regarded as bad omens .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	A total solar eclipse can be frightening to people who are unaware of its astronomical explanation , as the Sun seems to disappear during the day and the sky darkens in a matter of minutes .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	Because it is dangerous to look directly at the Sun , observers should use special eye protection or indirect viewing techniques when viewing a partial eclipse , or the partial phases of a total eclipse .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	It is safe to view the total phase of a total solar eclipse with the unaided eye and without protection , however .	0
when do solar eclipses happen ?	People referred to as eclipse chasers or umbraphiles will travel to remote locations to observe or witness predicted central solar eclipses .	0
when was the constitution written	A constitution is a set of fundamental principles or established precedents according to which a state or other organization is governed .	0
when was the constitution written	These rules together make up , i.e . constitute , what the entity is .	0
when was the constitution written	When these principles are written down into a single document or set of legal documents , those documents may be said to embody a written constitution ; if they are written down in a single comprehensive document , it is said to embody a codified constitution .	0
when was the constitution written	Constitutions concern different levels of organizations , from sovereign states to companies and unincorporated associations .	0
when was the constitution written	A treaty which establishes an international organization is also its constitution , in that it would define how that organization is constituted .	0
when was the constitution written	Within states , whether sovereign or federated , a constitution defines the principles upon which the state is based , the procedure in which laws are made and by whom .	0
when was the constitution written	Some constitutions , especially codified constitutions , also act as limiters of state power , by establishing lines which a state 's rulers can not cross , such as fundamental rights .	0
when was the constitution written	George Washington at Constitutional Convention of 1787 , signing of U.S. Constitution .	1
when was the constitution written	The Constitution of India is the longest written constitution of any sovereign country in the world , containing 448 articles , 12 schedules and 100 amendments , with 117,369 words in its English language version , while the United States Constitution is the shortest written constitution , at 7 articles and 27 amendments .	0
what is social security card used for	A Social Security card issued by the Railroad Retirement Board in 1943 to a now deceased person .	0
what is social security card used for	In the United States , a Social Security number ( SSN ) is a nine-digit number issued to U.S. citizens , permanent residents , and temporary ( working ) residents under section 205 ( c ) ( 2 ) of the Social Security Act , codified as .	0
what is social security card used for	The number is issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration , an independent agency of the United States government .	0
what is social security card used for	Its primary purpose is to track individuals for Social Security purposes .	1
what is social security card used for	A Social Security number may be obtained by applying on Form SS-5 , `` Application for A Social Security Number Card '' .	0
what county is catonsville md in	Catonsville is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .	1
what county is catonsville md in	The population was 41,567 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is catonsville md in	The community lies to the west of Baltimore along the city 's border .	0
what county is catonsville md in	Catonsville is the home of the University of Maryland , Baltimore County ( UMBC ) , a public research university with over 12,000 students .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The United States ten-dollar bill ( $ 10 ) is a denomination of United States currency .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The first U.S. Secretary of the Treasury ( 1789–95 ) , Alexander Hamilton , is currently featured on the obverse of the bill , while the U.S. Treasury Building is featured on the reverse .	1
who was on the 10 dollar bill	( Hamilton is one of two non-presidents featured on currently issued U.S. bills .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The other is Benjamin Franklin , on the $ 100 bill .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	Hamilton is one of only four people featured on U.S. paper currency ( 1861 to the present ) who was not born in the continental United States , as he was from the West Indies .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The others are : Albert Gallatin , Switzerland ( $ 500 1862/63 Legal Tender ) ; George Meade , Spain ( $ 1,000 1890/91 Treasury Note ) ; and Robert Morris , England ( $ 1,000 1862/63 Legal Tender ; $ 10 1878/80 Silver Certificate ) .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	In addition , Kamehameha I , appears on the 2008 Hawaii state quarter . )	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	All $ 10 bills issued today are Federal Reserve Notes .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The Bureau of Engraving and Printing says the average life of a $ 10 bill in circulation is 18 months before it is replaced due to wear .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	Approximately 6 % of all US banknotes printed in 2009 were $ 10 bills .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	Ten dollar bills are delivered by Federal Reserve Banks in yellow straps .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The source of the face on the $ 10 bill is John Trumbull ’s 1805 portrait of Hamilton that belongs to the portrait collection of New York City Hall .	0
who was on the 10 dollar bill	The $ 10 bill is the only U.S. paper currency in circulation in which the portrait faces to the left ( the $ 100,000 bill featured a portrait of Woodrow Wilson facing to the left , but was used only for intra-government transactions ) .	0
who does afge represent	The American Federation of Government Employees ( AFGE ) is an American labor union representing over 650,000 employees of the federal government , about 5,000 employees of the District of Columbia , and a few hundred private sector employees , mostly in and around federal facilities .	1
who does afge represent	AFGE is the largest union for civilian , non- postal federal employees and the largest union for District of Columbia employees who report directly to the mayor ( i.e. , outside of D.C. public schools ) .	0
who does afge represent	It is affiliated with the AFL-CIO .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Chula Vista ( ; ) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area , the seventh largest city in Southern California , the fourteenth largest city in the State of California , and the 77th-largest city in the United States .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	The population was 243,916 as of the 2010 census .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Located just from downtown San Diego and from the Mexican border in the South Bay region of the metropolitan area , the city is at the center of one of the richest economic and culturally diverse zones in the United States .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Chula Vista is so named because of its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	Founded in the early 19th century , fast population growth has recently been observed in the city .	0
what county is chula vista ca in	As the second largest city in San Diego County , Chula Vista has quickly become a destination popular to many tourists .	1
what county is chula vista ca in	Located in the city is one of America 's few year-round United States Olympic Training centers and popular tourist destinations include Cricket Wireless Amphitheater , the Chula Vista marina , and the Chula Vista Nature Center .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	An ice-cream headache , also known as brain freeze , cold-stimulus headache , or its given scientific name sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia ( meaning `` nerve pain of the sphenopalatine ganglion `` ) , is a form of brief cranial pain or headache commonly associated with consumption ( particularly quick consumption ) of cold beverages or foods such as ice cream and ice pops .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	It is caused by having something cold touch the roof of the mouth ( palate ) , and is believed to result from a nerve response causing rapid constriction and swelling of blood vessels or a `` referring `` of pain from the roof of the mouth to the head .	1
What Causes Brain Freeze	The rate of intake for cold foods has been studied as a contributing factor .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	There are people who can not experience `` brain freeze '' or similar symptoms .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	The term ice-cream headache has been in use since at least 31 January 1937 , contained in a journal entry by Rebecca Timbres published in the 1939 book We did n't ask Utopia : a Quaker family in Soviet Russia .	0
What Causes Brain Freeze	The first published use of the term brain freeze , as it pertains to cold-induced headaches , was on 27 May 1991 .	0
what does Mazel tov ! mean	`` Mazel Tov ! '' written on a wine glass tag	0
what does Mazel tov ! mean	Traditionally , after the groom breaks the glass , the guests shout `` Mazel Tov ! `` .	0
what does Mazel tov ! mean	A birthday cake , iced with the words `` מזל טוב '' ( mazal tov ) , as is often done in Israel .	0
what does Mazel tov ! mean	Here the phrase is written in Hebrew cursive .	0
what does Mazel tov ! mean	`` Mazel tov '' or `` mazal tov '' ( Hebrew / Yiddish : `` מזל טוב '' , Hebrew : `` mazal tov '' ; Yiddish : `` mazel tov '' ; lit .	0
what does Mazel tov ! mean	`` good luck '' ) is a phrase used to express congratulations for a happy and significant occasion or event .	1
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The European Union ( EU ) is an economic and political union of 27 member states that are located primarily in Europe .	1
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU operates through a system of supranational independent institutions and intergovernmental negotiated decisions by the member states .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Institutions of the EU include the European Commission , the Council of the European Union , the European Council , the Court of Justice of the European Union , the European Central Bank , the Court of Auditors , and the European Parliament .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The European Parliament is elected every five years by EU citizens .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU 's de facto capital is Brussels .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU traces its origins from the European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC ) and the European Economic Community ( EEC ) , formed by the Inner Six countries in 1951 and 1958 respectively .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	In the intervening years the community and its successors have grown in size by the accession of new member states and in power by the addition of policy areas to its remit .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The Maastricht Treaty established the European Union under its current name in 1993 .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The latest major amendment to the constitutional basis of the EU , the Treaty of Lisbon , came into force in 2009 .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU has developed a single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Within the Schengen Area ( which includes 22 EU and 4 non-EU states ) passport controls have been abolished .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people , goods , services , and capital , enact legislation in justice and home affairs , and maintain common policies on trade , agriculture , fisheries and regional development .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	A monetary union , the eurozone , was established in 1999 and is composed of 17 member states .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Through the Common Foreign and Security Policy the EU has developed a role in external relations and defence .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	Permanent diplomatic missions have been established around the world .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU is represented at the United Nations , the WTO , the G8 and the G-20 .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	With a combined population of over 500 million inhabitants , or 7.3 % of the world population , the EU , in 2012 , generated a nominal gross domestic product ( GDP ) of 16.584 trillion US dollars , representing approximately 20 % of the global GDP when measured in terms of purchasing power parity , and represents the largest nominal GDP and GDP PPP in the world .	0
how many countries are member of the eu ?	The EU was the recipient of the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	A typical experimental setup for an aldol reaction .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	Both flasks are submerged in a dry ice/acetone cooling bath ( −78 °C ) the temperature of which is being monitored by a thermocouple ( the wire on the left ) .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	A cooling bath , in laboratory chemistry ( often but not always organic chemistry ) practice , is a liquid mixture which is used to maintain low temperatures , typically between 13 °C and −196 °C .	1
what temperature is a salt ice bath	These low temperatures are used to collect liquids after distillation , to remove solvents using a rotary evaporator , or to perform a chemical reaction below room temperature ( see : kinetic control ) .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	Cooling baths are generally one of two types : ( a ) a cold fluid ( particularly liquid nitrogen , water , or even air ) — but most commonly the term refers to ( b ) a mixture of 3 components : ( 1 ) a cooling agent ( such as dry ice or water ice ) ; ( b ) a liquid 'carrier ' ( such as liquid water , ethylene glycol , acetone , etc . ) , which transfers heat between the bath and the vessel ; ; and ( c ) an additive to depress the melting-point of the solid/liquid system .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	( A familiar example of this is the use of an ice/rock-salt mixture to freeze ice cream .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	The phase-change of ice into liquid water requires energy , 'pulling ' heat from the system .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	Adding salt lowers the temp at which this happens , meaning more energy has to be absorbed from the environment in order to melt the ice .	0
what temperature is a salt ice bath	This effectively makes the ice 'colder ' — it must 'pull ' more heat from its environment to become liquid . )	0
when did wwi begin	World War I ( WWI ) was a global war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918 .	1
when did wwi begin	It was predominantly called the World War or the Great War from its occurrence until the start of World War II in 1939 , and the First World War or World War I thereafter .	0
when did wwi begin	It involved all the world 's great powers , which were assembled in two opposing alliances : the Allies ( based on the Triple Entente of the United Kingdom , France and Russia ) and the Central Powers ( originally the Triple Alliance of Germany , Austria-Hungary and Italy ; but , as Austria–Hungary had taken the offensive against the agreement , Italy did not enter into the war ) .	0
when did wwi begin	These alliances were both reorganised and expanded as more nations entered the war : Italy , Japan and the United States joined the Allies , and the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria the Central Powers .	0
when did wwi begin	Ultimately , more than 70 million military personnel , including 60 million Europeans , were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history .	0
when did wwi begin	More than 9 million combatants were killed , largely because of technological advancements that led to enormous increases in the lethality of weapons without corresponding improvements in protection or mobility .	0
when did wwi begin	It was the fifth- deadliest conflict in world history , subsequently paving the way for various political changes , such as revolutions in many of the nations involved .	0
when did wwi begin	One of the long-term causes of the war was the resurgence of imperialism in the foreign policies of the great powers of Europe .	0
when did wwi begin	More immediately , the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , the heir to the throne of Austria-Hungary , on 28 June 1914 by Yugoslav nationalist Gavrilo Princip in Sarajevo triggered a diplomatic crisis when Austria-Hungary subsequently delivered an ultimatum to the Kingdom of Serbia .	0
when did wwi begin	Several alliances formed over the previous decades were invoked .	0
when did wwi begin	Within weeks , the major powers were at war and , via their colonies , the conflict soon spread around the world .	0
when did wwi begin	On 28 July , the Austro-Hungarians fired the first shots of the war as preparation for the invasion of Serbia .	0
when did wwi begin	While the Russians mobilised , the Germans invaded neutral Belgium and Luxembourg on the way to France , providing a casus belli for Britain 's declaration of war against Germany .	0
when did wwi begin	After the German march on Paris was brought to a halt—the so-called Miracle of the Marne —the Western Front settled into a static battle of attrition with a trench line that changed little until 1917 .	0
when did wwi begin	On the Eastern Front , the Russian army was successful against the Austro-Hungarians , but was stopped in its invasion of East Prussia by the Germans .	0
when did wwi begin	In November the Ottoman Empire joined the war , opening up fronts in the Caucasus , Mesopotamia and the Sinai .	0
when did wwi begin	Italy and Bulgaria went to war in 1915 and Romania in 1916 .	0
when did wwi begin	In Russia , the tsar 's government collapsed in March 1917 and a subsequent revolution in November brought the Russians to terms with the Central Powers .	0
when did wwi begin	After a 1918 German offensive along the western front , the Allies drove back the Germans in a series of successful offensives and American forces began entering the trenches .	0
when did wwi begin	Germany , which had its own trouble with revolutionaries , agreed to an armistice on 11 November 1918 .	0
when did wwi begin	The war ended in victory for the Allies .	0
when did wwi begin	Events on the home fronts were as tumultuous as on the battle fronts , as the participants tried to mobilize their manpower and economic resources to fight a total war .	0
when did wwi begin	By the end of the war , four major imperial powers—the German , Russian , Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman empires—ceased to exist .	0
when did wwi begin	The successor states of the former two lost a great amount of territory , while the latter two were dismantled entirely .	0
when did wwi begin	The map of central Europe was redrawn into several smaller states .	0
when did wwi begin	The League of Nations was formed in the hope of preventing another such conflict .	0
when did wwi begin	The European nationalism spawned by the war and the breakup of empires , the repercussions of Germany 's defeat and problems with the Treaty of Versailles are agreed to be factors contributing to World War II .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	Charvet dress shirt from the 1930s , Norsk Folkemuseum , Oslo .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	A shirt , dress shirt , button-front , button-front shirt , or button-up shirt is a garment with a collar , a full-length opening at the front from the collar to the hem , and sleeves with cuffs .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	Shirts are predominantly used by men , since women usually wear blouses .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	The front opening is fastened using buttons or studs , and the cuffs close with buttons or cuff links .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	Shirts are normally made from woven cloth , and are often accompanied by a jacket and tie , for example with a suit or formalwear , but shirts are also worn more casually .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	In British English , dress shirt means specifically the more formal evening garment worn with black- or white- tie , also discussed below .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	Some of these formal shirts have stiff fronts and detachable collars attached with collar studs .	0
what is buttoned-down shirt ?	The term `` button-down '' ( which refers a type of shirt which has a collar fastened down by buttons ) is sometimes used in error to apply to all shirts ( with or without buttoned down collars ) , being used as a synonym for `` button-up '' or `` button-front '' .	1
What is an economic feature ?	Economics is the social science that analyzes the production , distribution , and consumption of goods and services .	0
What is an economic feature ?	The term economics comes from the Ancient Greek ( ' , `` management of a household , administration '' ) from ( ' , `` house '' ) + ( ' , `` custom '' or `` law '' ) , hence `` rules of the house ( hold ) '' .	0
What is an economic feature ?	Political economy was the earlier name for the subject , but economists in the late 19th century suggested `` economics '' as a shorter term for `` economic science '' that also avoided a narrow political-interest connotation and as similar in form to `` mathematics `` , `` ethics '' , and so forth .	0
What is an economic feature ?	A focus of the subject is how economic agents behave or interact and how economies work .	0
What is an economic feature ?	Consistent with this , a primary textbook distinction is between microeconomics and macroeconomics .	0
What is an economic feature ?	Microeconomics examines the behavior of basic elements in the economy , including individual agents ( such as households and firms or as buyers and sellers ) and markets , and their interactions .	0
What is an economic feature ?	Macroeconomics analyzes the entire economy and issues affecting it , including unemployment , inflation , economic growth , and monetary and fiscal policy .	0
What is an economic feature ?	Other broad distinctions include those between positive economics ( describing `` what is '' ) and normative economics ( advocating `` what ought to be '' ) ; between economic theory and applied economics ; between rational and behavioral economics ; and between mainstream economics ( more `` orthodox '' and dealing with the `` rationality-individualism-equilibrium nexus '' ) and heterodox economics ( more `` radical '' and dealing with the `` institutions-history-social structure nexus '' ) .	1
What is an economic feature ?	Economic analysis may be applied throughout society , as in business , finance , health care , and government , but also to such diverse subjects as crime , education , the family , law , politics , religion , social institutions , war , and science .	1
What is an economic feature ?	At the turn of the 21st century , the expanding domain of economics in the social sciences has been described as economic imperialism .	1
What is an economic feature ?	An increasing number of economists have called for increased emphasis on environmental sustainability ; this area of research is known as Ecological economics .	0
when did germans enter paris in ww2	The Liberation of Paris ( also known as the Battle for Paris ) took place during World War II from 19 August 1944 until the surrender of the occupying German garrison on 25 August .	1
when did germans enter paris in ww2	The Liberation of Paris started with an uprising by the French Resistance against the German garrison .	0
when did germans enter paris in ww2	On 24 August , the French Forces of the Interior ( Forces françaises de l'intérieur , FFI ) received reinforcements from the Free French Army of Liberation and from the U.S. Third Army under General Patton .	0
when did germans enter paris in ww2	The capital region of France had been governed by Nazi Germany since the signing of the Second Compiègne Armistice in June 1940 , when the German Army occupied northern and westernmost France , and when the puppet regime of Vichy France was established in the town of Vichy in central France .	0
when did germans enter paris in ww2	This battle marked the liberation of Paris and the exile of the Vichy government to Sigmaringen in Germany .	0
when did germans enter paris in ww2	However , there was still much heavy fighting to be done before France was liberated , including the campaign in southern France during August-September ( in Provence and extending into the southwestern region of the Vosges Mountains ) , along the German-held seaports of western France ( such as at Brest and Dunkirk ) , in Alsace and Lorraine in eastern France , and in northeastern France , such as along the Rhine and Moder Rivers .	0
when did germans enter paris in ww2	The German Army and SS fought doggedly in these areas for the remainder of 1944 and into 1945 .	0
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	H.264/MPEG-4 Part 10 or AVC ( Advanced Video Coding ) is a standard for video compression , and is currently one of the most commonly used formats for the recording , compression , and distribution of high definition video .	1
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	The final drafting work on the first version of the standard was completed in May 2003 .	0
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	H.264/MPEG-4 AVC is a block-oriented motion-compensation -based codec standard developed by the ITU-T Video Coding Experts Group ( VCEG ) together with the ISO/IEC JTC1 Moving Picture Experts Group ( MPEG ) .	0
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	The project partnership effort is known as the Joint Video Team ( JVT ) .	0
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	The ITU-T H.264 standard and the ISO/IEC MPEG-4 AVC standard ( formally , ISO/IEC 14496-10 – MPEG-4 Part 10 , Advanced Video Coding ) are jointly maintained so that they have identical technical content .	0
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	H.264 is perhaps best known as being one of the codec standards for Blu-ray Discs ; all Blu-ray Disc players must be able to decode H.264 .	0
what is mpeg4 avc or sp/asp	It is also widely used by streaming internet sources , such as videos from Vimeo , YouTube , and the iTunes Store , web software such as the Adobe Flash Player and Microsoft Silverlight , and also various HDTV broadcasts over terrestrial ( ATSC , ISDB-T , DVB-T or DVB-T2 ) , cable ( DVB-C ) and satellite ( DVB-S and DVB-S2 ) .	0
what is extreme right wing	The far-right ( also known as the extreme right ) refers to the highest degree of rightism in right-wing politics .	1
what is extreme right wing	Far right politics involves support of strong or complete social hierarchy in society , and supports supremacy of certain individuals or groups deemed to be innately superior or preferable who are to be more valued than those deemed to be innately inferior or undesirable .	1
what is extreme right wing	The far right 's advocacy of supremacism is based on what its adherents perceive as innate characteristics of people that can not be changed .	0
what is extreme right wing	This stands as a point of difference with the centre-right 's attribution of behaviours , such as laziness or decadence , as the primary sources of social inequalities .	0
what is extreme right wing	The centre right—unlike the far right—claims that people can end their behavioural inferiority through changing their habits and choices .	0
what is extreme right wing	The original far right , which emerged in France after the French Revolution , refused to accept the French Republic and supported a counter-revolution to restore the French monarchy and aristocracy .	0
what is extreme right wing	The far right is commonly associated with persons or groups who hold extreme nationalist , xenophobic , racist , religious fundamentalist or reactionary views .	0
what is extreme right wing	The most extreme-right movements have pursued oppression and genocide against groups of people on the basis of their alleged inferiority .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	A gold bar is a quantity of refined metallic gold of any shape that is made by a bar producer meeting standard conditions of manufacture , labeling , and record keeping .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	Larger gold bars that are produced by pouring the molten metal into molds are called ingots .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	Smaller bars may be manufactured by minting or stamping from appropriately rolled gold sheets .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	The standard gold bar held as gold reserves by central banks and traded among bullion dealers is the 400-troy-ounce ( 12.4 kg or 438.9 ounces ) Good Delivery gold bar .	1
how much does a gold bar weigh	The kilobar , which is to say 1000 grams in mass , is the bar that is more manageable and is used extensively for trading and investment .	1
how much does a gold bar weigh	The premium on these bars when traded is very low over the spot value of the gold making it ideal for small transfers between banks and traders .	0
how much does a gold bar weigh	Most kilobars are flat , although some investors , particularly in Europe , prefer the brick shape .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	In parliamentary procedure , a motion to table has two different and contradictory meanings:	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	In the United States , to table usually means the to lay [ the topic ] on the table or to move for postponement of consideration ; a proposal to suspend consideration of a pending motion .	1
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	Much less often , it means a motion to `` put on the table '' : a proposal to begin consideration ( or reconsideration ) , a usage consistent with the rest of the English-speaking world .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	In the rest of the English-speaking world such as the United Kingdom , to table means to move to place [ the topic ] upon the table ( or to move to place on the table ) : a proposal to begin consideration ( or reconsideration ) of a proposal .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	Both the American and the British dialects have the sense of `` to table '' as to lay [ the topic ] on the table or to cause [ the topic ] to lie on the table .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	The difference is the idea of what the table is for , that of a shelf off to the side , or an active work bench .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	The British meaning has the sense of the table as being an active work bench , with the topic being the center of attention , considered and discussed by all until it can be resolved , at which point it is taken off the 'table ' .	0
what does a vote to table a motion mean ?	The American sense is that the table is like that of a shelf , archive , or long-term storage device , where the topic has been disposed of by sending it to the 'table ' and leaving it there .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Sertraline hydrochloride ( trade names Zoloft , Lustral ) is an antidepressant of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( SSRI ) class .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991 .	1
when did sertraline come on the market	Sertraline is primarily prescribed for major depressive disorder in adult outpatients as well as obsessive–compulsive , panic , and social anxiety disorders in both adults and children .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	In 2011 , it was the second-most prescribed antidepressant on the U.S. retail market , with 37,208,000 prescriptions .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	The efficacy of sertraline for depression is similar to that of older tricyclic antidepressants , but its side effects are much less pronounced .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Differences with newer antidepressants are subtler and also mostly confined to side effects .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Evidence suggests that sertraline may work better than fluoxetine ( Prozac ) for some subtypes of depression .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Treatment of panic disorder with sertraline results in a significant decrease of the number of panic attacks and in improved quality of life .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	For obsessive-compulsive disorder , sertraline is not as effective as cognitive behavioral therapy ; the best results have been achieved by combining these two treatments .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Although approved for social phobia and posttraumatic stress disorder , sertraline leads to only modest improvement in these conditions .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Sertraline also alleviates the symptoms of premenstrual dysphoric disorder and can be used in sub-therapeutic doses or intermittently for its treatment .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Sertraline shares the common side effects and contraindications of other SSRIs , with high rates of nausea , diarrhea , insomnia , and sexual side effects ; however , it does not cause weight gain , and its effects on both cognition and vigilance are relatively mild .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	In pregnant women taking sertraline , the drug was present in significant concentrations in fetal blood , and was also associated with a higher rate of various birth defects .	0
when did sertraline come on the market	Similarly to other antidepressants , the use of sertraline for depression may be associated with a higher rate of suicidality .	0
what does leeroy jenkins mean	Ben Schulz , player of Leeroy Jenkins at BlizzCon 2007	0
what does leeroy jenkins mean	Leeroy Jenkins , sometimes misspelled Leroy Jenkins and often elongated with numerous additional letters , is an Internet meme named for a player character created by Ben Schulz in Blizzard Entertainment 's MMORPG , World of Warcraft .	1
what does leeroy jenkins mean	The character became popular due to a video of the game that circulated around the Internet .	0
what does leeroy jenkins mean	The phenomenon has since spread beyond the boundaries of the gaming community into other online and mainstream media .	0
what are superannuation contributions ?	Total superannuation industry liabilities : members funds and reserves ( A $ millions ) since 1988 .	0
what are superannuation contributions ?	Annual total superannuation industry asset growth 1996-2005 .	0
what are superannuation contributions ?	Superannuation in Australia refers to the arrangements which people make in Australia to have funds available for them in retirement .	1
what are superannuation contributions ?	In Australia , superannuation arrangements are government-supported and encouraged , and minimum provisions are compulsory for employees .	0
what are superannuation contributions ?	For example , employers are required to pay a proportion of an employee 's salaries and wages ( currently 9 % ) into a superannuation fund , but people are encouraged to put aside additional funds into superannuation .	0
what are superannuation contributions ?	The minimum obligation required by employers is set to increase to 12 % gradually stepping annually from 2013 to 2020 .	0
what are superannuation contributions ?	An individual can withdraw funds out of a superannuation fund when the person meets one of the conditions of release contained in Schedule 1 of the Superannuation Industry ( Supervision ) Regulations 1994 .	0
what is an agents job role in film	A talent agent , or booking agent , is a person who finds jobs for actors , authors , film directors , musicians , models , producers , professional athletes , writers and other people in various entertainment businesses .	1
what is an agents job role in film	An agent also defends , supports and promotes the interest of his/her clients .	1
what is an agents job role in film	Agents can not produce their own shows due to conflict of interest .	0
what is an agents job role in film	A talent agent must be familiar with their clients .	0
what is an agents job role in film	An agent has to know what kind of work the client can and can not do in order to match them with various jobs .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Having an agent is not required , but does help the artist in getting jobs .	0
what is an agents job role in film	In many cases casting directors , or other businesses , go to talent agencies to find artists they are looking for .	0
what is an agents job role in film	The agent is paid a percentage of the star 's earnings ( typically 10 % ) .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Agents sometimes will be referred to as `` 10 percenters . ''	0
what is an agents job role in film	There are different regulations that govern different types of agents that are established by artist 's unions and the legal jurisdiction in which the agent operates .	0
what is an agents job role in film	There are also professional organizations that license talent agencies .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Since the decline in viewership in theaters , from the 1950s to 1960s , this caused a monumental shift in how studios would produce films and thus reducing the cost of exclusive and expensive actors .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Actors and actresses were working for the studios but were not owned by one major studio entity and so were able to work on within their time and with other studios .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Because of this , agents were now seen as a necessity instead of an option .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Agents now became third parties that negotiated between studios and clients , this making their services imperative between each party .	0
what is an agents job role in film	Since talent agencies are working with lucrative contracts , all talent agencies must be licensed under special sections of the California Labor Code , which calls an agent a `` person or corporation who engages in the occupation of procuring , offering , promising , or attempting to procure employment for artist or artists . ''	0
what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing	`` I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing '' is a song performed by American rock band Aerosmith for the 1998 film Armageddon .	1
what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing	Written by Diane Warren , the song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 ( the first # 1 for the band after 28 years together ) .	0
what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing	The song stayed at number one for four weeks from September 5 to September 26 , 1998 .	0
what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing	The song also stayed at number 1 for several weeks in several other countries .	0
what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing	In the UK , the song peaked at number four , becoming Aerosmith 's highest charting song in the UK , where it was the 17th best-selling single of 1998 , and has sold over a million copies .	0
what city is george washington university	The George Washington University ( GW , GWU , or George Washington ) is a comprehensive private , coeducational research university located in Washington , D.C. .	1
what city is george washington university	It awards certificates , Bachelor degrees , Masters degrees , and PhDs across several dozen disciplines .	0
what city is george washington university	The university was chartered by an Act of Congress on February 9 , 1821 as The Columbian College in the District of Columbia .	0
what cities are in the bahamas	Nassau	1
what cities are in the bahamas	Freeport , Bahamas	1
what cities are in the bahamas	This is a list of cities in the Bahamas .	0
what cities are in the bahamas	The following table lists the city or town name , the geographic coordinates , the population as of the 1990 census , an estimate of the population as of 2009 , and the island name .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	Mount McKinley ( also known as Denali taken from the Inuit Koyukon Athabaskan language meaning `` The Great One '' ) is the highest mountain peak in the United States and in North America with a summit elevation of above sea level .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	At some , the base to peak rise is considered the largest of any mountain situated entirely above sea level .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	Measured by topographic prominence , it is the third most prominent peak after Mount Everest and Aconcagua .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	Located in the Alaska Range in the interior of US state of Alaska , it is the centerpiece of Denali National Park and Preserve .	1
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	The first European to document sighting the mountain was George Vancouver in 1794 .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	In 1903 , James Wickersham recorded the first attempt at climbing McKinley which was unsuccessful .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	In 1906 , Frederick Cook claimed the first ascent which was later proven to be false .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	The first verifiable ascent to McKinley 's summit was achieved on June 7 , 1913 by climbers Hudson Stuck , Harry Karstens , Walter Harper , and Robert Tatum .	0
what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located ?	In 1951 , Bradford Washburn pioneered the West Buttress route considered to be the safest and easiest route and therefore the most popular currently in use .	0
how is a backpack made	Backpack may also refer to a 2001 novel by Emily Barr	0
how is a backpack made	A modern backpack	0
how is a backpack made	Swiss army backpack ca . 1960	0
how is a backpack made	Integrated bearer frame .	0
how is a backpack made	A backpack ( also called rucksack , knapsack , packsack , pack ) is , in its simplest form , a cloth sack carried on one 's back and secured with two straps that go over the shoulders , but there can be exceptions .	0
how is a backpack made	Lightweight types of backpacks are sometimes worn on only one shoulder strap .	0
how is a backpack made	Backpacks are often preferred to handbags for carrying heavy loads or carrying any sort of equipment , because of the limited capacity to carry heavy weights for long periods of time in the hands .	0
how is a backpack made	Large backpacks , used to carry loads over 10 kg ( 22 lbs ) , usually offload the largest part ( up to about 90 % ) of their weight onto padded hip belts , leaving the shoulder straps mainly for stabilising the load .	0
how is a backpack made	This improves the potential to carry heavy loads , as the hips are stronger than the shoulders , and also increases agility and balance , since the load rides nearer the wearer 's own center of mass .	0
how is a backpack made	In ancient times , the backpack was used as a means to carry the hunter 's larger game and other types of prey and as a way of easier transport for other materials .	0
how is a backpack made	In the cases of larger hunts , the hunters would dismember their prey and distribute the pieces of the animal around , each one packing the meat into many wrappings and then into bags which they placed on to their backs .	0
how is a backpack made	The bag itself was made up of different animal hide and skin ( depending on what sorts of animals were in the area ) and sewn together by the intestines of said animals , which were woven together tightly to make a sturdy thread-like material .	1
what is considered a large car	1998 BMW 750iL	0
what is considered a large car	Buick Roadmaster	0
what is considered a large car	A full-size car is a marketing term used in North America for an automobile larger than a mid-size car .	1
what is considered a large car	In the United States , the EPA uses the term `` large car '' to denote full-size cars .	0
when president nixon resigns	Richard Milhous Nixon ( January 9 , 1913 – April 22 , 1994 ) was the 37th President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1974 , when he became the only president to resign the office .	1
when president nixon resigns	Nixon had previously served as a Republican U.S. representative and senator from California and as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961 .	0
when president nixon resigns	Nixon was born in Yorba Linda , California .	0
when president nixon resigns	He graduated from Whittier College in 1934 and Duke University School of Law in 1937 , returning to California to practice law .	0
when president nixon resigns	He and his wife , Pat Nixon , moved to Washington to work for the federal government in 1942 .	0
when president nixon resigns	He subsequently served in the United States Navy during World War II .	0
when president nixon resigns	Nixon was elected in California to the House of Representatives in 1946 and to the Senate in 1950 .	0
when president nixon resigns	His pursuit of the Alger Hiss case established his reputation as a leading anti-communist , and elevated him to national prominence .	0
when president nixon resigns	He was the running mate of Dwight D. Eisenhower , the Republican Party presidential nominee in the 1952 election .	0
when president nixon resigns	Nixon served for eight years as vice president .	0
when president nixon resigns	He waged an unsuccessful presidential campaign in 1960 , narrowly losing to John F. Kennedy , and lost a race for Governor of California in 1962 .	0
when president nixon resigns	In 1968 , he ran again for the presidency and was elected .	0
when president nixon resigns	Although Nixon initially escalated America 's involvement in the Vietnam War , he subsequently ended U.S. involvement in 1973 .	0
when president nixon resigns	Nixon 's visit to the People 's Republic of China in 1972 opened diplomatic relations between the two nations , and he initiated détente and the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty with the Soviet Union the same year .	0
when president nixon resigns	Domestically , his administration generally embraced policies that transferred power from Washington to the states .	0
when president nixon resigns	Among other things , he launched initiatives to fight cancer and illegal drugs , imposed wage and price controls , enforced desegregation of some Southern schools , and established the Environmental Protection Agency .	0
when president nixon resigns	Though he presided over the lunar landings beginning with Apollo 11 , he scaled back manned space exploration .	0
when president nixon resigns	He was re-elected by a landslide in 1972 .	0
when president nixon resigns	Nixon 's second term saw an Arab oil embargo , the resignation of his vice president , Spiro Agnew , and a continuing series of revelations about the Watergate scandal and other misconduct by members of the administration .	0
when president nixon resigns	The scandal escalated , costing Nixon much of his political support , and on August 9 , 1974 , he resigned in the face of almost certain impeachment and removal from office .	0
when president nixon resigns	After his resignation , he controversially received a pardon issued by his successor , Gerald Ford .	0
when president nixon resigns	In retirement , Nixon 's work as an elder statesman , authoring several books and undertaking many foreign trips , helped to rehabilitate his public image .	0
when president nixon resigns	He suffered a debilitating stroke on April 18 , 1994 , and died four days later at the age of 81 .	0
when does v start	V is an American science fiction television series that ran for two seasons on ABC , from November 3 , 2009 to March 15 , 2011 .	1
when does v start	A remake of the 1983 miniseries created by Kenneth Johnson , the new series chronicles the arrival on Earth of a technologically advanced alien species which ostensibly comes in peace , but actually has sinister motives .	0
when does v start	V stars Morena Baccarin , Lourdes Benedicto , Morris Chestnut , Joel Gretsch , Logan Huffman , Charles Mesure , Elizabeth Mitchell , Laura Vandervoort and Scott Wolf , and was executive produced by Scott Rosenbaum , Yves Simoneau , Scott Peters , and Jace Hall .	0
when does v start	The series was produced by The Scott Peters Company , HDFilms and Warner Bros. Television .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	Flat feet ( also called pes planus or fallen arches ) is a formal reference to a medical condition in which the arch of the foot collapses , with the entire sole of the foot coming into complete or near-complete contact with the ground .	1
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	In some individuals ( an estimated 20–30 % of the general population ) the arch simply never develops in one foot ( unilaterally ) or both feet ( bilaterally ) .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	Three studies ( see citations below in military section ) of military recruits have shown no evidence of later increased injury , or foot problems , due to flat feet , in a population of people who reach military service age without prior foot problems .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	However , these studies can not be used to judge possible future damage from this condition when diagnosed at younger ages .	0
what does it mean if i 'm flat footed ?	They also can not be applied to persons whose flat feet are associated with foot symptoms , or certain symptoms in other parts of the body ( such as the leg or back ) possibly referable to the foot .	0
what does base jumping stand for	Base jumping from a cliff in a wingsuit .	0
what does base jumping stand for	BASE jumping , also sometimes written as B.A.S.E . jumping , is an activity where participants jump from fixed objects and use a parachute to break their fall .	1
what does base jumping stand for	`` BASE '' is an acronym that stands for four categories of fixed objects from which one can jump : buildings , antennas , spans ( bridges ) , and earth ( cliffs ) .	1
what triggered the civil war	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	0
what triggered the civil war	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	1
what triggered the civil war	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
what triggered the civil war	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
what triggered the civil war	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
what triggered the civil war	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
what triggered the civil war	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
what triggered the civil war	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
what triggered the civil war	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
what triggered the civil war	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
what triggered the civil war	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
what triggered the civil war	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
what triggered the civil war	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	0
what triggered the civil war	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
what triggered the civil war	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
what triggered the civil war	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
what triggered the civil war	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
what triggered the civil war	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
what triggered the civil war	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
what triggered the civil war	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
what triggered the civil war	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
what triggered the civil war	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
what triggered the civil war	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
what triggered the civil war	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
what triggered the civil war	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
what triggered the civil war	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
what triggered the civil war	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
what triggered the civil war	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	0
what triggered the civil war	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
where is modesto california	Modesto ( Spanish for `` modest '' ) , officially the City of Modesto , is the county seat and largest city of Stanislaus County , California , United States .	1
where is modesto california	With a population of approximately 201,165 at the 2010 census , Modesto ranks as the 18th largest city in the state of California .	0
where is modesto california	The Modesto Census County Division , which includes the cities of Ceres and Riverbank , has a population of 312,842 as of 2010 .	0
where is modesto california	Modesto is located in the central valley area of Northern California , 90 miles north of Fresno , 92 miles east of San Francisco , 68 miles south of the state capital of Sacramento , 66 miles west of Yosemite National Park , and 24 miles south of Stockton .	0
where is modesto california	Modesto , a 29-time Tree City USA honoree , is surrounded by rich farmland , lending to a ranking for the county as 6th among all California counties in farm production .	0
where is modesto california	Led by milk , almonds , chickens , walnuts , and corn silage , the county grossed nearly $ 3.1 billion in agricultural production in 2011 .	0
where is modesto california	Modesto was immortalized in the 1973 George Lucas film American Graffiti .	0
where is modesto california	The award winning film captured the spirit of `` cruising '' and friendship on 10th and 11th Streets in 1962 and led to the revival of 1950 's nostalgia that included the TV show Happy Days and the other spin-offs .	0
where is modesto california	Ron Howard , Harrison Ford and Richard Dreyfuss starred in the film .	0
where is modesto california	The soundtrack was a huge success .	0
where is modesto california	Director George Lucas is a native of Modesto , graduating from Downey High School in 1962 .	0
where is modesto california	The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index for 2011 , which interviews 1,000 participants daily and asks individuals to assess their jobs , finances , physical health , emotional state of mind and communities , ranked Modesto 126 out of the 190 cities surveyed .	0
where is modesto california	In December 2009 , Forbes ranked Modesto 48th out of 100 among `` Best Bang-for-the-Buck Cities '' .	0
where is modesto california	In this ranking , Modesto ranked 8th in housing affordability and travel time but also ranked 86th in job forecast growth and 99th in foreclosures .	0
what county is Cambria WI in	Cambria is a village in Columbia County , Wisconsin , United States .	1
what county is Cambria WI in	The population was 767 at the 2010 census .	0
what county is Cambria WI in	It is part of the Madison Metropolitan Statistical Area .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	Gabrielle `` Coco '' Bonheur Chanel ( August 19 , 1883 – January 10 , 1971 ) was a French fashion designer and founder of the Chanel brand .	1
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	She was the only fashion designer to appear on Time magazine 's list of the 100 most influential people of the 20th century .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	Along with Paul Poiret , Chanel was credited with liberating women from the constraints of the `` corseted silhouette '' and popularizing the acceptance of a sportive , casual chic as the feminine standard in the post- World War I era .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	A prolific fashion creator , Chanel 's influence extended beyond couture clothing .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	Her design aesthetic was realized in jewelry , handbags , and fragrance .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	Her signature scent , Chanel No . 5 , has become an iconic product .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	Chanel was known for her lifelong determination , ambition and energy which she applied to her professional and social life .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	She achieved both success as a businesswoman and social prominence thanks to the connections she made through her work .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	These included many artists and craftspeople to whom she became a patron .	0
what was Coco Chanel 's real first name ?	However , Chanel 's highly competitive , opportunistic personality led her to make questionable life choices which have generated controversy around her reputation , particularly her behaviour during the German occupation of France in World War II .	0
what is the gdp for greenland 2010 ?	The Economy of Greenland can be characterized as small , mixed and vulnerable .	0
what is the gdp for greenland 2010 ?	The present economy consists of a big public sector and comprehensive foreign trade , which has resulted in an economy with periods of strong growth , considerable inflation , unemployment problems and extreme dependence on capital inflow from Denmark and use of outside , mainly Danish , skilled labor .	0
what is the gdp for greenland 2010 ?	GDP per capita is similar to the average European economies but the economy is critically dependent upon substantial support from the Danish government , which supplies about half the revenues of the home rule government who in turn employ about 8,000 Greenlanders out of a labor force of 40,156 ( Jan. 2012 ) .	1
what is the gdp for greenland 2010 ?	Unemployment nonetheless remains high , with the rest of the economy dependent upon demand for exports of shrimp and fish .	0
how was the moon formed	Hubble views of Copernicus crater ( inset ) , which is about 58 miles ( 93 km ) wide	0
how was the moon formed	Red and orange tinted Moon , as seen from Earth during a lunar eclipse , where the Earth comes between the Moon and Sun	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is the only natural satellite of the Earth , and the fifth largest satellite in the Solar System .	0
how was the moon formed	It is the largest natural satellite of a planet in the Solar System relative to the size of its primary , having 27 % the diameter and 60 % the density of Earth , resulting in its mass .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is the second densest satellite after Io , a satellite of Jupiter .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is in synchronous rotation with Earth , always showing the same face with its near side marked by dark volcanic maria that fill between the bright ancient crustal highlands and the prominent impact craters .	0
how was the moon formed	It is the brightest object in the sky after the Sun , although its surface is actually very dark , with a reflectance similar to that of coal .	0
how was the moon formed	Its prominence in the sky and its regular cycle of phases have , since ancient times , made the Moon an important cultural influence on language , calendars , art and mythology .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon 's gravitational influence produces the ocean tides and the minute lengthening of the day .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon 's current orbital distance , about thirty times the diameter of the Earth , causes it to appear almost the same size in the sky as the Sun , allowing it to cover the Sun nearly precisely in total solar eclipses .	0
how was the moon formed	This matching of apparent visual size is a coincidence .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon 's linear distance from the Earth is currently increasing at a rate of 3.82±0.07cm per year , but this rate is not constant .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon is thought to have formed nearly 4.5 billion years ago , not long after the Earth .	1
how was the moon formed	Although there have been several hypotheses for its origin in the past , the current most widely accepted explanation is that the Moon formed from the debris left over after a giant impact between Earth and a Mars -sized body .	1
how was the moon formed	The Moon is the only celestial body other than Earth on which humans have set foot .	0
how was the moon formed	The Soviet Union 's Luna programme was the first to reach the Moon with unmanned spacecraft in 1959 ; the United States ' NASA Apollo program achieved the only manned missions to date , beginning with the first manned lunar orbiting mission by Apollo 8 in 1968 , and six manned lunar landings between 1969 and 1972 , with the first being Apollo 11 .	0
how was the moon formed	These missions returned over 380 kg of lunar rocks , which have been used to develop a geological understanding of the Moon 's origins , the formation of its internal structure , and its subsequent history .	0
how was the moon formed	After the Apollo 17 mission in 1972 , the Moon has been visited only by unmanned spacecraft , notably by the final Soviet Lunokhod rover .	0
how was the moon formed	Since 2004 , Japan , China , India , the United States , and the European Space Agency have each sent lunar orbiters .	0
how was the moon formed	These spacecraft have contributed to confirming the discovery of lunar water ice in permanently shadowed craters at the poles and bound into the lunar regolith .	0
how was the moon formed	Future manned missions to the Moon have been planned , including government as well as privately funded efforts .	0
how was the moon formed	The Moon remains , under the Outer Space Treaty , free to all nations to explore for peaceful purposes .	0
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?	Mt . Zion Church state history marker near Philadelphia , Mississippi .	0
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?	Freedom Summer ( also known as the Mississippi Summer Project ) was a campaign in the United States launched in June 1964 to attempt to register as many African American voters as possible in Mississippi , which had historically excluded most blacks from voting .	1
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?	The project also set up dozens of Freedom Schools , Freedom Houses , and community centers in small towns throughout Mississippi to aid the local black population .	1
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?	The project was organized by the Council of Federated Organizations ( COFO ) , a coalition of the Mississippi branches of the four major civil rights organizations ( SNCC , CORE , NAACP and SCLC ) .	0
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?	Most of the impetus , leadership , and financing for the Summer Project came from the SNCC .	0
What was `` Freedom Summer '' ?	Robert Parris Moses , SNCC field secretary and co-director of COFO , directed the summer project .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth is the third planet from the Sun , and the densest and fifth-largest of the eight planets in the Solar System .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	It is also the largest of the Solar System 's four terrestrial planets .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	It is sometimes referred to as the world or the Blue Planet .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth formed approximately 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within its first billion years .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth 's biosphere then significantly altered the atmospheric and other basic physical conditions , which enabled the proliferation of organisms as well as the formation of the ozone layer , which together with Earth 's magnetic field blocked harmful solar radiation , and permitted formerly ocean-confined life to move safely to land .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The physical properties of the Earth , as well as its geological history and orbit , have allowed life to persist .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Estimates on how much longer the planet will be able to continue to support life range from , to as long as .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth 's lithosphere is divided into several rigid segments , or tectonic plates , that migrate across the surface over periods of many millions of years .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	About 71 % of the surface is covered by salt water oceans , with the remainder consisting of continents and islands which together have many lakes and other sources of water that contribute to the hydrosphere .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth 's poles are mostly covered with ice that is the solid ice of the Antarctic ice sheet and the sea ice that is the polar ice packs .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The planet 's interior remains active , with a solid iron inner core , a liquid outer core that generates the magnetic field , and a thick layer of relatively solid mantle .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Earth gravitationally interacts with other objects in space , especially the Sun and the Moon .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	During one orbit around the Sun , the Earth rotates about its own axis 366.26 times , creating 365.26 solar days , or one sidereal year .	1
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The Earth 's axis of rotation is tilted 23.4° away from the perpendicular of its orbital plane , producing seasonal variations on the planet 's surface with a period of one tropical year ( 365.24 solar days ) .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The Moon is Earth 's only natural satellite .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	It began orbiting the Earth about .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The Moon 's gravitational interaction with Earth stimulates ocean tides , stabilizes the axial tilt , and gradually slows the planet 's rotation .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	The planet is home to millions of species of life , including humans .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Both the mineral resources of the planet and the products of the biosphere contribute resources that are used to support a global human population .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	These inhabitants are grouped into about 200 independent sovereign states , which interact through diplomacy , travel , trade , and military action .	0
what does 1 year mean to the planet	Human cultures have developed many views of the planet , including its personification as a planetary deity , its shape as flat , its position as the center of the universe , and in the modern Gaia Principle , as a single , self-regulating organism in its own right .	0
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	Naturally occurring cobalt ( Co ) is composed of 1 stable isotope , 59Co . 28 radioisotopes have been characterized with the most stable being 60Co with a half-life of 5.2714 years , 57Co with a half-life of 271.79 days , 56Co with a half-life of 77.27 days , and 58Co with a half-life of 70.86 days .	1
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	All of the remaining radioactive isotopes have half-lives that are less than 18 hours and the majority of these have half-lives that are less than 1 second .	0
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	This element also has 11 meta states , all of which have half-lives less than 15 minutes .	0
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	The isotopes of cobalt range in atomic weight from 47Co to 75Co .	0
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	The primary decay mode for isotopes with atomic mass unit values less than that of the most abundant stable isotope , 59Co , is electron capture and the primary mode of decay for those of greater than 59 atomic mass units is beta decay .	0
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	The primary decay products before 59Co are iron isotopes and the primary products after are nickel isotopes .	0
what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have	Standard atomic mass : 58.933195 ( 5 ) u	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	New Guinea ( also , Tok Pisin : Niugini , Dutch : Nieuw Guinea , and ; historically : Papua ) is the world 's second largest island , after Greenland , covering a land area of 786,000 km2 .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Located in the southwest Pacific Ocean , it lies geographically to the east of the Malay Archipelago , with which it is sometimes included as part of a greater Indo-Australian Archipelago .	1
where is the island New Guinea ?	Geologically it is a part of the same tectonic plate as Australia .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	When world sea levels were low , the two shared shorelines ( which now lie 100 to 140 metres below sea level ) , combining with lands now inundated into the tectonic continent of Sahul , also known as Greater Australia .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The two landmasses became separated when the area now known as the Torres Strait flooded after the end of the last glacial period .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Anthropologically , New Guinea is considered part of Melanesia .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Politically , the western half of the island comprises two Indonesian provinces : Papua and West Papua .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The eastern half forms the mainland of the country of Papua New Guinea .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The island has a population of about 7.5 million , with a very low population density of only 8 inh/km2 .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	New Guinea is differentiated from its drier , flatter , and less fertile southern counterpart , Australia , by its much higher rainfall and its active volcanic geology , with its highest point , Puncak Jaya , reaching an elevation of 4,884 m ( 16,023 ft ) .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Yet the two land masses share a similar animal fauna , with marsupials , including wallabies and possums , and the egg-laying monotreme , the spiny anteater , or echidna .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Other than bats and some two dozen indigenous rodent genera , there are no pre-human indigenous placental mammals .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Pigs , several additional species of rats , and the ancestor of the New Guinea Singing Dog were introduced with human colonization .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The human presence on the island dates back at least 40,000 years to the oldest human migrations out of Africa .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Research indicates that the highlands were an early and independent center of agriculture , with evidence of irrigation going back at least 10,000 years .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Because of the time depth of its inhabitation and its highly fractured landscape , an unusually high number of languages are spoken on the island , with some 1,000 languages ( a figure higher than that of most continents ) having been catalogued out of an estimated world-wide pre-Columbian total of 6,000 human dialects .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Most are classified as Papuan languages , a generally accepted geographical term which a minority of authors hold to be a genetic one .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	A number of Austronesian languages are spoken on the coast and on offshore islands .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	In the 16th century Spanish explorers discovered the island and called it Nueva Guinea .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	In recent history western New Guinea was included in the Dutch East Indies colony .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The Germans annexed the northern coast of the eastern half of the island as German New Guinea in their pre–World War I effort to establish themselves as a colonial power , whilst the south eastern portion was reluctantly claimed by Britain .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	Following the Treaty of Versailles , the German portion was awarded to Australia ( which was already governing the British claim , named the Territory of Papua ) as a League of Nations mandate .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The eastern half of the island was granted independence from Australia as Papua New Guinea in 1975 .	0
where is the island New Guinea ?	The western half gained independence from the Dutch in 1961 , but became part of Indonesia soon afterwards in controversial circumstances .	0
what county is Augusta , GA located in ?	Augusta is a consolidated city in the U.S. state of Georgia , located at the fall line of the Savannah River , at the head of its navigable portion .	0
what county is Augusta , GA located in ?	As of the 2010 census , the Augusta– Richmond County population was 195,844 not counting the unconsolidated cities of Hephzibah and Blythe .	0
what county is Augusta , GA located in ?	Augusta is the principal city of the Augusta – Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area , which as of 2010 had an estimated population of 556,877 , making it both the second-largest city and the second-largest metro area in the state after Atlanta .	1
what county is Augusta , GA located in ?	It is the 116th-largest city in the United States .	0
what county is Augusta , GA located in ?	Internationally , Augusta is best known for hosting The Masters Tournament in golf each spring .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Line segments in the golden ratio	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	A golden rectangle with longer side a and shorter side b , when placed adjacent to a square with sides of length a , will produce a similar golden rectangle with longer side a + b and shorter side a .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	This illustrates the relationship .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	In mathematics and the arts , two quantities are in the golden ratio if the ratio of the sum of the quantities to the larger quantity is equal to the ratio of the larger quantity to the smaller one .	1
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	The figure on the right illustrates the geometric relationship .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Expressed algebraically:	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	where the Greek letter phi ( ) represents the golden ratio .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Its value is:	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	The golden ratio is also called the golden section ( Latin : sectio aurea ) or golden mean .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Other names include extreme and mean ratio , medial section , divine proportion , divine section ( Latin : sectio divina ) , golden proportion , golden cut , and golden number .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Many 20th century artists and architects have proportioned their works to approximate the golden ratio—especially in the form of the golden rectangle , in which the ratio of the longer side to the shorter is the golden ratio—believing this proportion to be aesthetically pleasing ( see Applications and observations below ) .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	Mathematicians since Euclid have studied the properties of the golden ratio , including its appearance in the dimensions of a regular pentagon and in a golden rectangle , which can be cut into a square and a smaller rectangle with the same aspect ratio .	0
how do you know if something is the golden ratio	The golden ratio has also been used to analyze the proportions of natural objects as well as man-made systems such as financial markets , in some cases based on dubious fits to data .	0
what it is a pilot study	A pilot experiment , also called a pilot study , is a small scale preliminary study conducted in order to evaluate feasibility , time , cost , adverse events , and effect size ( statistical variability ) in an attempt to predict an appropriate sample size and improve upon the study design prior to performance of a full-scale research project .	1
what it is a pilot study	Pilot studies , therefore , may not be appropriate for case studies .	0
what latitude is tropic of cancer	World map showing the Tropic of Cancer	0
what latitude is tropic of cancer	The Tropic of Cancer , also referred to as the Northern tropic , is the circle of latitude on the Earth that marks the most northerly position at which the Sun may appear directly overhead at its zenith .	0
what latitude is tropic of cancer	This event occurs once per year , at the time of the June solstice , when the Northern Hemisphere is tilted toward the Sun to its maximum extent .	0
what latitude is tropic of cancer	It currently ( Year 2013 ) lies at 23° 26′ 15.143′′ north of the Equator .	1
what latitude is tropic of cancer	Its Southern Hemisphere counterpart , marking the most southerly position at which the Sun may appear directly overhead , is the Tropic of Capricorn .	0
what latitude is tropic of cancer	These tropics are two of the five major degree measures or major circles of latitude that mark maps of the Earth , besides the Arctic and Antarctic Circles and the Equator .	0
what latitude is tropic of cancer	The positions of these circles of latitude ( other than the Equator ) are dictated by the tilt of the Earth 's axis of rotation relative to the plane of its orbit .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The FIFA World Cup , often simply the World Cup , is an international association football competition contested by the senior men 's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The championship has been awarded every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930 , except in 1942 and 1946 when it was not held because of the Second World War .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The current champions are Spain , who won the 2010 tournament .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The current format of the tournament involves 32 teams competing for the title at venues within the host nation ( s ) over a period of about a month ; this phase is often called the World Cup Finals .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	A qualification phase , which currently takes place over the preceding three years , is used to determine which teams qualify for the tournament together with the host nation ( s ) .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The 19 World Cup tournaments have been won by eight different national teams .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	Brazil have won five times , and they are the only team to have played in every tournament .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The other World Cup winners are Italy , with four titles ; Germany , with three titles ; Argentina and inaugural winners Uruguay , with two titles each ; and England , France , and Spain , with one title each .	1
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The World Cup is the world 's most widely viewed sporting event ; an estimated 715.1 million people watched the final match of the 2006 FIFA World Cup held in Germany .	0
what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles	The next three World Cups will be hosted by Brazil in 2014 , Russia in 2018 , and Qatar in 2022 .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	`` Red Cardinal '' redirects here .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	For the plant Erythrina herbacea , see Coral Bean .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	The Northern Cardinal ( Cardinalis cardinalis ) is a North American bird in the genus Cardinalis ; it is also known colloquially as the redbird or common cardinal .	1
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	It can be found in southern Canada , through the eastern United States from Maine to Texas and south through Mexico .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	It is found in woodlands , gardens , shrublands , and swamps .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	The Northern Cardinal is a mid-sized songbird with a body length of 21 centimeters ( 8.3 inches ) .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	It has a distinctive crest on the head and a mask on the face which is black in the male and gray in the female .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	The male is a vibrant red , while the female is a dull red-brown shade .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	The Northern Cardinal is mainly granivorous , but also feeds on insects and fruit .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	The male behaves territorially , marking out his territory with song .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	During courtship , the male feeds seed to the female beak-to-beak .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	A clutch of three to four eggs is laid , and two to four clutches are produced each year .	0
what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird	It was once prized as a pet , but its sale as cage birds is now banned in the United States by the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 .	0
when was the patriot act enacted	The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 is an Act of the U.S. Congress that was signed into law by President George W. Bush on October 26 , 2001 .	1
when was the patriot act enacted	The title of the act is a ten letter acronym ( USA PATRIOT ) that stands for Uniting ( and ) Strengthening America ( by ) Providing Appropriate Tools Required ( to ) Intercept ( and ) Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 .	0
when was the patriot act enacted	The act , as a response to the terrorist attacks of September 11th , significantly reduced restrictions in law enforcement agencies ' gathering of intelligence within the United States ; expanded the Secretary of the Treasury’s authority to regulate financial transactions , particularly those involving foreign individuals and entities ; and broadened the discretion of law enforcement and immigration authorities in detaining and deporting immigrants suspected of terrorism-related acts .	0
when was the patriot act enacted	The act also expanded the definition of terrorism to include domestic terrorism , thus enlarging the number of activities to which the USA PATRIOT Act’s expanded law enforcement powers can be applied .	0
when was the patriot act enacted	On May 26 , 2011 , President Barack Obama used an Autopen to sign the PATRIOT Sunsets Extension Act of 2011 , a four-year extension of three key provisions in the USA PATRIOT Act while he was in France : roving wiretaps , searches of business records ( the `` library records provision `` ) , and conducting surveillance of `` lone wolves '' — individuals suspected of terrorist-related activities not linked to terrorist groups .	0
when was the patriot act enacted	Republican leaders questioned if the use of the Autopen met the constitutional requirements for signing a bill into law .	0
who wrote the song a little more country than that >	`` A Little More Country Than That '' is the title of a song written by Joey + Rory 's Rory Lee Feek , Wynn Varble , and Don Poythress , and recorded by American country artist Easton Corbin .	1
who wrote the song a little more country than that >	It was released in August 2009 as Corbin 's debut single and is included on his self-titled debut album .	0
who wrote the song a little more country than that >	In April 2010 , the song reached Number One on the country music charts , making Corbin the first male solo artist in seven years to send a debut single to Number One .	0
who wrote the song a little more country than that >	It has been certified Gold by the RIAA .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The Alps are one of the great mountain range systems of Europe stretching approximately across eight Alpine countries from Austria and Slovenia in the east , Switzerland , Liechtenstein , Germany , France to the west and Italy and Monaco to the south .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The mountains were formed over hundreds of millions of years as the African and Eurasian tectonic plates collided .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	Extreme shortening caused by the event resulted in marine sedimentary rocks rising by thrusting and folding into high mountain peaks such as Mont Blanc and the Matterhorn .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	Mont Blanc spans the French–Italian border , and at is the highest mountain in the Alps .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The Alpine region area contains many peaks higher than , known as the `` four-thousanders `` .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The altitude and size of the range affects the climate in Europe ; in the mountains precipitation levels vary greatly and climatic conditions consist of distinct zones .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	Wildlife such as ibex live in the higher peaks to elevations of , and plants such as Edelweiss grow in rocky areas in lower elevations as well as in higher elevations .	1
what is in the alpine mountain systems	Evidence of human habitation in the Alps goes back to the Paleolithic era .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	A mummified man , determined to be 5,000 years old , was discovered on a glacier at the Austrian–Italian border in 1991 .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	By the 6th century BC , the Celtic La Tène culture was well established .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	Hannibal may have crossed the Alps with a herd of elephants , and the Romans had settlements in the region .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	In 1800 Napoleon crossed one of the mountain passes with an army of 40,000 .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The 18th and 19th centuries saw an influx of naturalists , writers , and artists , in particular the Romantics , followed by the golden age of alpinism as mountaineers began to ascend the peaks .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	In World War II the Third Reich invaded the Alpine countries , with the exception of Switzerland and Liechtenstein ; Adolf Hitler kept a base of operation in the Bavarian Alps throughout the war .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The Alpine region has a strong cultural identity .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The traditional culture of farming , cheesemaking , and woodworking still exists in Alpine villages , although the tourist industry began to grow early in the 20th century and expanded greatly after World War II to become the dominant industry by the end of the century .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	The Winter Olympic Games have been hosted in the Swiss , French , Italian , Austrian and German Alps .	0
what is in the alpine mountain systems	At present the region is home to 14 million people and has 120 million annual visitors .	1
when the wind blows james patterson	When the Wind Blows is a novel by James Patterson .	1
when the wind blows james patterson	It is the precursor to The Lake House and inspired the Maximum Ride series .	0
when the wind blows james patterson	The novel is currently set to be adapted into a movie .	0
where is bloemfontein in africa	Bloemfontein ( , ; Dutch for `` fountain of flowers '' ) is the capital city of the Free State Province of South Africa ; and , as the judicial capital of the nation , one of South Africa 's three national capitals – the other two being Cape Town , the legislative capital , and Pretoria , the administrative capital .	1
where is bloemfontein in africa	Bloemfontein is popularly and poetically known as `` the city of roses `` , owing to the abundance of these flowers and the annual rose festival held there .	0
where is bloemfontein in africa	The city 's Sesotho name is Mangaung , meaning `` place of cheetahs `` and it has been included in the Mangaung Local Municipality since 2000 .	0
where is bloemfontein in africa	Bloemfontein is situated on dry grassland at , at an altitude of above sea level .	0
where is bloemfontein in africa	The city is home to 369,568 residents , while the Mangaung Local Municipality has a population of 645,455 .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	The Mpemba effect , named after Tanzanian student Erasto Mpemba , is the assertion that warmer water can freeze faster than colder water .	1
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	Although there is anecdotal support for the effect , there is no agreement on exactly what the effect is and under what circumstances it occurs .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	There have been reports of similar phenomena since ancient times , although with insufficient detail for the claims to be replicated .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	The phenomenon seems contrary to thermodynamics , but a number of possible explanations for the effect have been proposed .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	Further investigations will need to decide on a precise definition of `` freezing '' and control a vast number of starting parameters in order to confirm or explain the effect .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	Sherlock Holmes ( or ) is a fictional detective created by author and physician Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .	1
what is sherlock holmes job	A London-based `` consulting detective '' whose abilities border on the fantastic , Holmes is famous for his astute logical reasoning , his ability to adopt almost any disguise , and his use of forensic science skills to solve difficult cases .	1
what is sherlock holmes job	Holmes , who first appeared in publication in 1887 , was featured in four novels and 56 short stories .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	The first novel , A Study in Scarlet , appeared in Beeton 's Christmas Annual in 1887 and the second , The Sign of the Four , in Lippincott 's Monthly Magazine in 1890 .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	The character grew tremendously in popularity with the first series of short stories in The Strand Magazine , beginning with A Scandal in Bohemia in 1891 ; further series of short stories and two novels published in serial form appeared between then and 1927 .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	The stories cover a period from around 1880 up to 1914 .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	All but four stories are narrated by Holmes 's friend and biographer , Dr. John H. Watson ; two are narrated by Holmes himself ( `` The Blanched Soldier `` and `` The Lion 's Mane `` ) and two others are written in the third person ( `` The Mazarin Stone `` and `` His Last Bow `` ) .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	In two stories ( `` The Musgrave Ritual `` and `` The Gloria Scott `` ) , Holmes tells Watson the main story from his memories , while Watson becomes the narrator of the frame story .	0
what is sherlock holmes job	The first and fourth novels , A Study in Scarlet and The Valley of Fear , each include a long interval of omniscient narration recounting events unknown to either Holmes or Watson .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	The adage `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' refers to the notion that a complex idea can be conveyed with just a single still image .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	It also aptly characterizes one of the main goals of visualization , namely making it possible to absorb large amounts of data quickly .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	The expression `` Use a picture .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	It 's worth a thousand words . '' appears in a 1911 newspaper article quoting newspaper editor Arthur Brisbane discussing journalism and publicity .	1
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	1913 newspaper advertisement	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	A similar phrase , `` One Look Is Worth A Thousand Words '' , appears in a 1913 newspaper advertisement for the Piqua Auto Supply House of Piqua , Ohio .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	An early use of the exact phrase appears in an 1918 newspaper advertisement for the San Antonio Light which says : One of the Nation 's Greatest Editors Says : One Picture is Worth a Thousand Words The San Antonio Light 's Pictorial Magazine of the War Exemplifies the truth of the above statement -- judging from the warm reception it has received at the hands of the Sunday Light readers .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	It is believed by some that the modern use of the phrase stems from an article by Fred R. Barnard in the advertising trade journal Printers ' Ink , promoting the use of images in advertisements that appeared on the sides of streetcars .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	The December 8 , 1921 issue carries an ad entitled , `` One Look is Worth A Thousand Words . ''	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	Another ad by Barnard appears in the March 10 , 1927 issue with the phrase `` One Picture Worth Ten Thousand Words , '' where it is labeled a Chinese proverb ( 一圖勝萬言 ) .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	The Home Book of Proverbs , Maxims , and Familiar Phrases quotes Barnard as saying he called it `` a Chinese proverb , so that people would take it seriously . ''	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	Soon after , the proverb would become popularly attributed to Confucius .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	The discussion of `` One Picture Worth Thousand Words '' versus `` One Picture Worth Ten Thousand Words '' Wan yen I hua and 10.000 miles worth 10.000 books is cited in Information graphics where the concept of many in different disciplines and cultures .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	A picture is worth a thousand words	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	Despite this modern origin of the popular phrase , the sentiment has been expressed by earlier writers .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	For example the Russian writer Ivan Turgenev wrote ( in Fathers and Sons in 1862 ) , `` A picture shows me at a glance what it takes dozens of pages of a book to expound . ''	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	Computer programmer and author Fred Brooks makes an opposite statement regarding programming in The Mythical Man-Month : `` Show me your flowcharts and conceal your tables , and I shall continue to be mystified .	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	Show me your tables , and I won’t usually need your flowcharts ; they’ll be obvious . ''	0
who said `` A picture is worth a thousand words '' ?	The phrase has also been spoofed by John McCarthy , the famous computer scientist , to make the opposite point : `` As the Chinese say , 1001 words is worth more than a picture . ''	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Ceres as seen with the Hubble Space Telescope .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	It is the only dwarf planet in the asteroid belt .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Pluto in approximate true colour based on Hubble Space Telescope albedo data	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Haumea with its moons , Hiʻiaka and Namaka ( artist 's conception )	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Makemake ( artist 's conception )	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Eris and its moon Dysnomia as seen with the Hubble Space Telescope	0
what makes a dwarf planet	A dwarf planet is a planetary-mass object that is neither a planet nor a satellite .	1
what makes a dwarf planet	More explicitly , the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) defines a dwarf planet as a celestial body in direct orbit of the Sun that is massive enough for its shape to be controlled by gravitation , but that unlike a planet has not cleared its orbital region of other objects .	1
what makes a dwarf planet	The term dwarf planet was adopted in 2006 as part of a three-way categorization of bodies orbiting the Sun , brought about by an increase in discoveries of trans-Neptunian objects that rivaled Pluto in size , and finally precipitated by the discovery of an even more massive object , Eris .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	This classification states that bodies large enough to have cleared the neighbourhood of their orbit are defined as planets , while those that are not massive enough to be rounded by their own gravity are defined as small Solar System bodies .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Dwarf planets come in between .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	The exclusion of dwarf planets from the roster of planets by the IAU has been both praised and criticized ; it was said to be the `` right decision '' by Mike Brown , who discovered and other new dwarf planets , but has been rejected by Alan Stern , who had coined the term dwarf planet in 1990 .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	The IAU currently recognizes five dwarf planets in the Solar System : , Pluto , , , and .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	However , only two of these bodies , Ceres and Pluto , have been observed in enough detail to demonstrate that they fit the definition .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Eris has been accepted as a dwarf planet because it is more massive than Pluto .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	The IAU subsequently decided that unnamed trans-Neptunian objects with an absolute magnitude brighter than +1 ( and hence a diameter of ≥838 km assuming a geometric albedo of ≤1 ) are to be named under the assumption that they are dwarf planets .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	The only two such objects known at the time , Makemake and Haumea , went through this naming procedure and were declared to be dwarf planets .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	It is suspected that another hundred or so known objects in the Solar System are dwarf planets .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Estimates are that up to 200 dwarf planets may be found when the entire region known as the Kuiper belt is explored , and that the number may exceed 10,000 when objects scattered outside the Kuiper belt are considered .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Individual astronomers recognize several of these , and in August 2011 Mike Brown published a list of 390 candidate objects , ranging from `` nearly certain '' to `` possible '' dwarf planets . '	0
what makes a dwarf planet	Brown identifies nine known objects – the five accepted by the IAU plus , , , and – as `` virtually certain '' , with another two dozen highly likely , and there are probably a hundred or so such objects in total .	0
what makes a dwarf planet	The classification of bodies in other planetary systems with the characteristics of dwarf planets has not been addressed .	0
what chili wants wiki	What Chilli Wants is an American reality series on VH1 starring Chilli , one-third of the Grammy Award -winning R & B trio TLC .	1
what chili wants wiki	The show chronicles Chilli 's quest to find love with the help of Tionna T. Smalls , an author and relationship coach .	0
what chili wants wiki	The series premiered on April 11 , 2010 , and has since been renewed for a second season .	0
what chili wants wiki	The second season premiered on Sunday , January 2 , 2011 .	0
what is an array in programming	In computer science , array programming languages ( also known as vector or multidimensional languages ) generalize operations on scalars to apply transparently to vectors , matrices , and higher dimensional arrays .	1
what is an array in programming	Array programming primitives concisely express broad ideas about data manipulation .	1
what is an array in programming	The level of conciseness can be dramatic in certain cases : it is not uncommon to find array programming language one-liners that require more than a couple of pages of Java code .	0
what is an array in programming	APL , designed by Ken Iverson , was the first programming language to provide array programming capabilities .	0
what is an array in programming	The mnemonic APL refers to the title of his seminal book `` A Programming Language '' and not to arrays per se . Iverson 's contribution to rigor and clarity was probably more important than the simple extension of dimensions to functions .	0
what is vat tax ?	A value added tax ( VAT ) is a form of consumption tax .	1
what is vat tax ?	From the perspective of the buyer , it is a tax on the purchase price .	0
what is vat tax ?	From that of the seller , it is a tax only on the value added to a product , material , or service , from an accounting point of view , by this stage of its manufacture or distribution .	0
what is vat tax ?	The manufacturer remits to the government the difference between these two amounts , and retains the rest for themselves to offset the taxes they had previously paid on the inputs .	0
what is vat tax ?	The value added to a product by or with a business is the sale price charged to its customer , minus the cost of materials and other taxable inputs .	0
what is vat tax ?	A VAT is like a sales tax in that ultimately only the end consumer is taxed .	0
what is vat tax ?	It differs from the sales tax in that , with the latter , the tax is collected and remitted to the government only once , at the point of purchase by the end consumer .	0
what is vat tax ?	With the VAT , collections , remittances to the government , and credits for taxes already paid occur each time a business in the supply chain purchases products .	0
when did gary moore die	Robert William Gary Moore ( 4 April 1952 – 6 February 2011 ) , was a Northern Irish musician , most widely recognised as a singer and guitarist .	1
when did gary moore die	In a career dating back to the 1960s , Moore played with artists including Phil Lynott and Brian Downey during his teens , leading him to memberships with the Irish bands Skid Row and Thin Lizzy on three separate occasions .	0
when did gary moore die	Moore shared the stage with such blues and rock luminaries as B.B . King , Albert King , Colosseum II , George Harrison and Greg Lake , as well as having a successful solo career .	0
when did gary moore die	He guested on a number of albums recorded by high profile musicians , including a cameo appearance playing the lead guitar solo on `` She 's My Baby `` from Traveling Wilburys Vol . 3 .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	Aerial view of Oahu with freeways and highways , 3D computer-generated image	0
what is the highest point in oahu	Fly-around tour of the island	0
what is the highest point in oahu	Oahu ( ) or Oahu , known as `` The Gathering Place '' , is the third largest of the Hawaiian Islands and the most populous of the islands in the U.S. state of Hawaii .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	The state capital , Honolulu , is on Oahu 's southeast coast .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	Including small close-in offshore islands such as Ford Island and the islands in Kaneohe Bay and off the eastern ( windward ) coast , it has a total land area of , making it the 20th largest island in the United States .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	In the greatest dimension , this volcanic island is long and across .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	The length of the shoreline is .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	The island is the result of two separate shield volcanoes : Waianae and Koolau , with a broad `` valley '' or saddle ( the central Oahu Plain ) between them .	0
what is the highest point in oahu	The highest point is Mt . Ka'ala in the Waianae Range , rising to above sea level .	1
how many episodes of Lost were there	Lost is an American serial drama television series that premiered on September 22 , 2004 on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	The series was created by J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof , based upon an original pilot script titled Nowhere written by Jeffrey Lieber .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Six seasons of the show aired , in addition to numerous clip shows to recap previous episodes .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	ABC announced that Lost would end after six seasons , having produced a total of 121 episodes .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	The series follows the past , present , and future experience ( s ) of the survivors of a plane crash on a passenger jet , Oceanic Flight 815 , flying from Sydney to Los Angeles after it crashes on a tropical island in the South Pacific .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	The series also includes stories of the lives of people already living on the island — they include the `` Others `` , who initially antagonize the survivors , as well as a group of people who arrive on the freighter Kahana .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Each episode typically features action on the island as well as a secondary storyline from another point in a character 's life .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	Season 6 features a detailing of the lives of the survivors in a different reality , as if the flight had never crashed .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	In the following list , the term `` featured character ( s ) '' refers to the character or characters who are featured in the secondary storyline of each episode .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	`` No .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	in series '' refers to the episode 's number in the overall series , whereas `` No .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	in season '' refers to the episode 's number in each particular season .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	`` U.S. viewers ( million ) '' refers to the number of Americans in millions who watched the episode live .	0
how many episodes of Lost were there	A total of 121 episodes of Lost were produced , the last of which aired on May 23 , 2010 .	1
how many episodes of Lost were there	All seasons are available on DVD in Regions 1–4 and on Blu-ray in Regions A and B .	0
when did charles dickens live	Charles John Huffam Dickens ( ; 7 February 1812 – 9 June 1870 ) was an English writer and social critic .	1
when did charles dickens live	He created some of the world 's most memorable fictional characters and is generally regarded as the greatest novelist of the Victorian period .	0
when did charles dickens live	During his life , his works enjoyed unprecedented fame , and by the twentieth century his literary genius was broadly acknowledged by critics and scholars .	0
when did charles dickens live	His novels and short stories continue to be widely popular .	0
when did charles dickens live	Born in Portsmouth , England , Dickens left school to work in a factory after his father was thrown into debtors ' prison .	0
when did charles dickens live	Although he had little formal education , his early impoverishment drove him to succeed .	0
when did charles dickens live	Over his career he edited a weekly journal for 20 years , wrote 15 novels , 5 novellas and hundreds of short stories and non-fiction articles , lectured and performed extensively , was an indefatigable letter writer , and campaigned vigorously for children 's rights , education , and other social reforms .	0
when did charles dickens live	Dickens sprang to fame with the 1836 serial publication of The Pickwick Papers .	0
when did charles dickens live	Within a few years he had become an international literary celebrity , famous for his humour , satire , and keen observation of character and society .	0
when did charles dickens live	His novels , most published in monthly or weekly instalments , pioneered the serial publication of narrative fiction , which became the dominant Victorian mode for novel publication .	0
when did charles dickens live	The instalment format allowed Dickens to evaluate his audience 's reaction , and he often modified his plot and character development based on such feedback .	0
when did charles dickens live	For example , when his wife 's chiropodist expressed distress at the way Miss Mowcher in David Copperfield seemed to reflect her disabilities , Dickens went on to improve the character with positive lineaments .	0
when did charles dickens live	Fagin in Oliver Twist apparently mirrors the famous fence Ikey Solomon ; His caricature of Leigh Hunt in the figure of Mr Skimpole in Bleak House was likewise toned down on advice from some of his friends , as they read episodes .	0
when did charles dickens live	In the same novel , both Lawrence Boythorne and Mooney the beadle are drawn from real life – Boythorne from Walter Savage Landor and Mooney from 'Looney ' , a beadle at Salisbury Square .	0
when did charles dickens live	His plots were carefully constructed , and Dickens often wove in elements from topical events into his narratives .	0
when did charles dickens live	Masses of the illiterate poor chipped in ha'pennies to have each new monthly episode read to them , opening up and inspiring a new class of readers .	0
when did charles dickens live	Dickens was regarded as the literary colossus of his age .	0
when did charles dickens live	His 1843 novella , A Christmas Carol , is one of the most influential works ever written , and it remains popular and continues to inspire adaptations in every artistic genre .	0
when did charles dickens live	His creative genius has been praised by fellow writers—from Leo Tolstoy to G. K. Chesterton and George Orwell —for its realism , comedy , prose style , unique characterisations , and social criticism .	0
when did charles dickens live	On the other hand Oscar Wilde , Henry James and Virginia Woolf complained of a lack of psychological depth , loose writing , and a vein of saccharine sentimentalism .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	The Apple Store is a chain of retail stores owned and operated by Apple Inc. , dealing in computers and consumer electronics .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	The stores sell Macintosh personal computers , software , iPods , iPads , iPhones , third-party accessories , and other consumer electronics such as Apple TV .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	Some high profile stores feature a Theatre for presentations and workshops and a Studio for training with Apple products ; all stores offer a Genius Bar for technical support and repairs , as well as free workshops available to the public .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	Under the leadership of Ron Johnson , the former Senior Vice President of Retail Operations , the Apple Stores have , according to an article in the New York Times , been responsible for `` [ turning ] the boring computer sales floor into a sleek playroom filled with gadgets '' .	0
how many apple store are there in total ?	, Apple has 405 stores worldwide , with global sales of billion in merchandise in 2011 , and they lead the United States retail market in terms of sales per unit area .	1
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Marshall Bruce Mathers III ( born October 17 , 1972 ) , better known by his stage name Eminem ( stylized as EMINƎM ) and by his alter ego Slim Shady , is an American rapper , record producer , songwriter and actor .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Eminem , along with his solo career , is a member of his group D12 , and also one half of the hip hop duo Bad Meets Evil , with Royce da 5'9 '' .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Eminem is one of the best-selling artists in the world and is the best-selling artist of the 2000s .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He has been listed and ranked as one of the greatest artists of all time by many magazines , including Rolling Stone magazine which ranked him 82nd on its list of The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	The same magazine declared him The King of Hip Hop .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Including his work with D12 and Bad Meets Evil , Eminem has achieved ten number-one albums on the Billboard 200 .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He has sold more than 100 million records worldwide , including 42 million tracks and 49.1 million albums in the United States .	1
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	As an underground rapper Eminem released his debut solo album , Infinite in 1996 .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	The album was a critical and commercial failure .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He gained mainstream popularity in 1999 after the release of his major-label debut album The Slim Shady LP .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	The LP also earned Eminem his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	His next two records The Marshall Mathers LP , and The Eminem Show , also won Best Rap Album Grammy Awards , making Eminem the first artist to win Best Rap Album for three consecutive LPs .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	This was followed by another studio release in 2004 titled Encore .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Eminem then went on hiatus after touring in 2005 .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He released his first album in five years titled Relapse , on May 15 , 2009 .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	In 2010 , Eminem released his seventh studio album Recovery .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Recovery was an international success and was named the best selling album of 2010 worldwide , joining The Eminem Show , which was the best seller of 2002 .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Eminem won Grammy Awards for both Relapse and Recovery , giving him a total of 13 Grammys in his career .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Eminem has opened other ventures , including his own record label Shady Records with his manager Paul Rosenberg .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He also has his own radio channel , Shade 45 on Sirius XM Radio .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	Eminem began an acting career in 2002 , when he starred in the hip hop drama film 8 Mile .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , becoming the first rap artist ever to win the award .	0
how many albums has eminem sold in his career	He has also made cameo appearances in The Wash ( 2001 ) , Funny People ( 2009 ) and the television series Entourage .	0
what county is oakhurst , nj in	Oakhurst is a census-designated place and unincorporated community within Ocean Township , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .	1
what county is oakhurst , nj in	As of the 2010 United States Census , the CDP 's population was 3,995 .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Ownership of property may be private , collective , or common and the property may be objects , land/real estate , or intellectual property .	1
what is a form of legal ownership	Determining ownership in law involves determining who has certain rights and duties over the property .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	These rights and duties , sometimes called a 'bundle of rights ' , can be separated and held by different parties .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	The question of ownership reaches back to the ancient philosophers , Plato and Aristotle , who held different opinions on the subject .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Plato ( 428/427 BC – 348/347 BC ) thought private property created divisive inequalities , while Aristotle ( 384 BC – 322 BC ) thought private property enabled people to receive the full benefit of their labor .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Private property can circumvent what is now referred to as the “ tragedy of the commons ” problem , where people tend to degrade common property more than they do private property .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Given a short-sighted owner , however , a private property system can make these tragedies worse—for example , a private owner of a piece of oil-rich property , depending on his worldview , might be more interested in short-term financial gain than incremental use with an eye toward other 's concerns ( e.g. , those of future generations , the disenfranchised , etc . ) .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	While Aristotle justified the existence of private ownership , he left open questions of ( 1 ) how to allocate property between what is private and common and ( 2 ) how to allocate the private property within society .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Over the millennia , and across cultures what can be property and how it is regarded culturally have varied widely .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Ownership is the basis for many other concepts that form the foundations of ancient and modern societies such as money , trade , debt , bankruptcy , the criminality of theft , and private vs. public property .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Ownership is the key building block in the development of the capitalist socio-economic system .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Adam Smith stated that one of the sacred laws of justice was to guard a person 's property and possessions .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	The process and mechanics of ownership are fairly complex : one can gain , transfer and lose ownership of property in a number of ways .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	To acquire property one can purchase it with money , trade it for other property , receive it as a gift , steal it , find it , make , it or homestead it .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	One can transfer or lose ownership of property by selling it for money , exchanging it for other property , giving it as a gift , being robbed of it , it , or having it stripped from one 's ownership through legal means such as eviction , foreclosure , seizure , or taking .	0
what is a form of legal ownership	Ownership is self-propagating in that the owner of any property will also own the economic benefits of that property .	0
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC	North Myrtle Beach is a coastal resort city in Horry County , South Carolina , United States .	1
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC	It was created in 1968 from four existing municipalities north of Myrtle Beach , and serves as one of the primary tourist towns along the Grand Strand .	0
What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC	The population was 13,752 at the 2010 census .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The American Civil War ( ACW ) , also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War ( see naming ) , was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States ( the `` Union '' or the `` North '' ) and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America ( the `` Confederacy '' or the `` South '' ) .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Foreign powers did not intervene .	0
what date did the american civil war start	After four years of bloody combat that left over 600,000 soldiers dead and destroyed much of the South 's infrastructure , the Confederacy collapsed , slavery was abolished , and the difficult Reconstruction process of restoring national unity and guaranteeing rights to the freed slaves began .	0
what date did the american civil war start	In the 1860 presidential election , Republicans , led by Abraham Lincoln , opposed expanding slavery into United States ' territories .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln won , but before his inauguration on March 4 , 1861 , seven cotton-based slave states formed the Confederacy .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln 's inaugural address declared his administration would not initiate civil war .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Eight remaining slave states continued to reject calls for secession .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Confederate forces seized numerous federal forts within territory claimed by the Confederacy .	0
what date did the american civil war start	A Peace Conference failed to find a compromise , and both sides prepared for war .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Confederates assumed that European countries were so dependent on `` King Cotton `` that they would intervene ; none did and none recognized the new Confederate States of America .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Hostilities began on April 12 , 1861 , when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina .	1
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln called for each state to provide troops to retake the fort ; consequently , four more slave states joined the Confederacy , bringing their total to eleven .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Union soon controlled the border states and established a naval blockade that crippled the southern economy .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Eastern Theater was inconclusive in 1861–62 .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which made ending slavery a war goal .	0
what date did the american civil war start	To the west , by summer 1862 the Union destroyed the Confederate river navy , then much of their western armies , and the Union at Vicksburg split the Confederacy in two at the Mississippi River .	0
what date did the american civil war start	In 1863 , Robert E. Lee 's Confederate incursion north ended at the Battle of Gettysburg .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Western successes led to Ulysses S. Grant command of all Union armies in 1864 .	0
what date did the american civil war start	In the Western Theater , William T. Sherman drove east to capture Atlanta and marched to the sea , destroying Confederate infrastructure along the way .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The Union marshaled the resources and manpower to attack the Confederacy from all directions , and could afford to fight battles of attrition through the Overland Campaign towards Richmond , the Confederate capital .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The defending Confederate army failed , leading to Lee 's surrender to Grant at Appomattox Court House on April 9 , 1865 .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The American Civil War was one of the earliest true industrial wars .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Railroads , the telegraph , steamships , and mass-produced weapons were employed extensively .	0
what date did the american civil war start	The mobilization of civilian factories , mines , shipyards , banks , transportation and food supplies all foreshadowed World War I .	0
what date did the american civil war start	It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .	0
what date did the american civil war start	Historian John Huddleston estimates the death toll at ten percent of all Northern males 20–45 years old , and 30 percent of all Southern white males aged 18–40 .	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	An augur holding a lituus , the curved wand often used as a symbol of augury on Roman coins	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	The augur was a priest and official in the classical world , especially ancient Rome and Etruria .	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	His main role was to interpret the will of the gods by studying the flight of birds : whether they are flying in groups or alone , what noises they make as they fly , direction of flight and what kind of birds they are .	1
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	This was known as `` taking the auspices . ''	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	The ceremony and function of the augur was central to any major undertaking in Roman society—public or private—including matters of war , commerce , and religion .	0
What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods ?	The Roman historian Livy stresses the importance of the augurs : `` Who does not know that this city was founded only after taking the auspices , that everything in war and in peace , at home and abroad , was done only after taking the auspices ? ''	0
when was purple haze by jimi hendrix made ?	`` Purple Haze '' is a song written and recorded by Jimi Hendrix in 1967 , released as the second single by The Jimi Hendrix Experience in both the United Kingdom and the United States .	1
when was purple haze by jimi hendrix made ?	It later appeared on the American version of the band 's 1967 album Are You Experienced .	0
when was purple haze by jimi hendrix made ?	`` Purple Haze '' has become one of the `` archetypical psychedelic drug songs of the sixties '' .	0
when was purple haze by jimi hendrix made ?	`` Purple Haze 's '' guitar virtuosic techniques would be emulated by many metal guitarists .	0
when did coca cola first come out	The Las Vegas Strip World of Coca-Cola museum in 2003	0
when did coca cola first come out	Coca-Cola is a carbonated soft drink sold in stores , restaurants , and vending machines in every country except Cuba and North Korea .	0
when did coca cola first come out	It is produced by The Coca-Cola Company of Atlanta , Georgia , and is often referred to simply as Coke ( a registered trademark of The Coca-Cola Company in the United States since March 27 , 1944 ) .	0
when did coca cola first come out	Originally intended as a patent medicine when it was invented in the late 19th century by John Pemberton , Coca-Cola was bought out by businessman Asa Griggs Candler , whose marketing tactics led Coke to its dominance of the world soft-drink market throughout the 20th century .	1
when did coca cola first come out	The company produces concentrate , which is then sold to licensed Coca-Cola bottlers throughout the world .	0
when did coca cola first come out	The bottlers , who hold territorially exclusive contracts with the company , produce finished product in cans and bottles from the concentrate in combination with filtered water and sweeteners .	0
when did coca cola first come out	The bottlers then sell , distribute and merchandise Coca-Cola to retail stores and vending machines .	0
when did coca cola first come out	Such bottlers include Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is the largest single Coca-Cola bottler in North America and western Europe .	0
when did coca cola first come out	The Coca-Cola Company also sells concentrate for soda fountains to major restaurants and food service distributors .	0
when did coca cola first come out	The Coca-Cola Company has , on occasion , introduced other cola drinks under the Coke brand name .	0
when did coca cola first come out	The most common of these is Diet Coke , with others including Caffeine-Free Coca-Cola , Diet Coke Caffeine-Free , Coca-Cola Cherry , Coca-Cola Zero , Coca-Cola Vanilla , and special versions with lemon , lime or coffee .	0
when did coca cola first come out	Based on Interbrand 's best global brand 2011 , Coca-Cola was the world 's most valuable brand .	0
how old was monica lewinsky during the affair	Monica Samille Lewinsky ( born July 23 , 1973 ) is an American woman with whom United States President Bill Clinton admitted to having had an `` improper relationship '' while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996 .	1
how old was monica lewinsky during the affair	The affair and its repercussions ( which included Clinton 's impeachment ) became known as the Lewinsky scandal .	0
how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year	Myasthenia gravis ( from Greek μύς `` muscle '' , `` weakness '' , and `` serious '' ; abbreviated MG ) is an autoimmune neuromuscular disease leading to fluctuating muscle weakness and fatigability .	0
how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year	It is an autoimmune disorder , in which weakness is caused by circulating antibodies that block acetylcholine receptors at the postsynaptic neuromuscular junction , inhibiting the excitatory effects of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine on nicotinic receptors throughout neuromuscular junctions .	0
how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year	Myasthenia is treated medically with acetylcholinesterase inhibitors or immunosuppressants , and , in selected cases , thymectomy .	0
how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year	The disease incidence is 3–30 cases per million per year and rising as a result of increased awareness .	1
how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year	MG must be distinguished from congenital myasthenic syndromes that can present similar symptoms but offer no response to immunosuppressive treatments .	0
what is the defensive line in football called	A diagram showing an I Formation on offense and a 4-3 Formation on defense	0
what is the defensive line in football called	In American football , each team has eleven players on the field at one time .	0
what is the defensive line in football called	The specific role that a player takes on the field is called their position .	0
what is the defensive line in football called	Under the modern rules of American football , teams are allowed unlimited subsititutions , that is teams may change any number of players after any play .	0
what is the defensive line in football called	This has resulted in the development of three `` platoons '' of players , the offense ( the team with the ball , who is trying to score ) , the defense ( the team trying to prevent the other team from scoring , and to take the ball from them ) , and the special teams ( who play in kicking situations ) .	0
what is the defensive line in football called	Within those platoons , various specific positions exist depending on what the player 's main job is .	1
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting primarily the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	The infection is often asymptomatic , but chronic infection can lead to scarring of the liver and ultimately to cirrhosis , which is generally apparent after many years .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	In some cases , those with cirrhosis will go on to develop liver failure , liver cancer or life-threatening esophageal and gastric varices .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	HCV is spread primarily by blood-to-blood contact associated with intravenous drug use , poorly sterilized medical equipment and transfusions .	1
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	An estimated 130–200 million people worldwide are infected with .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	The existence of ( originally `` non- A non- B hepatitis '' ) was postulated in the 1970s and proven in 1989 .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	only infects humans and chimpanzees .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	The virus persists in the liver in about 85 % of those infected .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	This persistent infection can be treated with medication : the standard therapy is a combination of peginterferon and ribavirin , with either boceprevir or telaprevir added in some cases .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	Overall , 50–80 % of people treated are cured .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	Those who develop cirrhosis or liver cancer may require a liver transplant .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	is the leading cause of liver transplantation , though the virus usually recurs after transplantation .	0
How Do You Get Hepatitis C	No vaccine against is available .	0
where is hickory located nc	Hickory is a city in Catawba County , with parts also in Burke County and Caldwell County .	1
where is hickory located nc	The city 's 2010 estimated population is 40,010 .	0
where is hickory located nc	Hickory is the principal city in the Hickory-Lenoir-Morganton MSA , in which the population at the 2010 Census was 365,497 .	0
how long did the roman empire last	The Roman Empire ( ) was the post- Republican period of the ancient Roman civilization , characterised by an autocratic form of government and large territorial holdings around the Mediterranean in Europe , Africa , and Asia .	0
how long did the roman empire last	The 500-year-old Roman Republic , which preceded it , had been destabilized through a series of civil wars .	1
how long did the roman empire last	Several events marked the transition from Republic to Empire , including Julius Caesar 's appointment as perpetual dictator ( 44 BC ) ; the Battle of Actium ( 31 BC ) ; and the granting of the honorific Augustus to Octavian by the Roman Senate ( 27 BC ) .	0
how long did the roman empire last	The first two centuries of the Empire were a period of unprecedented stability and prosperity known as the Pax Romana ( `` Roman Peace '' ) .	0
how long did the roman empire last	It reached its greatest expanse during the reign of Trajan ( 98–117 AD ) .	0
how long did the roman empire last	In the 3rd century , the Empire underwent a crisis that threatened its existence , but was reunified and stabilized under the emperors Aurelian and Diocletian .	0
how long did the roman empire last	Christians rose to power in the 4th century , during which time a system of dual rule was developed in the Latin West and Greek East .	0
how long did the roman empire last	After the collapse of central government in the West in the 5th century , the eastern half continued as what would later be known as the Byzantine Empire .	0
how long did the roman empire last	Because of the Empire 's vast extent and long endurance , the institutions and culture of Rome had a profound and lasting influence on the development of language , religion , architecture , philosophy , law , and forms of government in the territory it governed , particularly Europe , and by means of European expansionism throughout the modern world .	0
what is reagan known for	The United States presidency of Ronald Reagan , also known as the Reagan administration , was a Republican administration headed by Ronald Reagan from January 20 , 1981 , to January 20 , 1989 .	0
what is reagan known for	Domestically , the administration favored reducing government programs and introduced the largest across-the-board tax cuts in American history .	1
what is reagan known for	The economic policies enacted in 1981 , known as `` Reaganomics `` , were an example of supply-side economics .	0
what is reagan known for	Reagan aimed to encourage entrepreneurship and limit the growth of social spending , as well as the reduction of regulation and inflation .	0
what is reagan known for	Economic growth saw a strong recovery in the 1980s , helping Reagan to win a landslide re-election .	0
what is reagan known for	The national debt increased significantly , however .	0
what is reagan known for	Regarding foreign policy , the administration was steadfastly anti-communist , calling the Soviet Union an `` evil empire `` and ending 1970s détente .	0
what is reagan known for	Reagan accelerated the massive buildup of the military started by his predecessor , including an invasion of Grenada , the first major overseas action by U.S. troops since the end of the Vietnam War .	0
what is reagan known for	The `` Reagan Doctrine `` controversially granted aid to paramilitary forces seeking to overthrow communist governments , particularly in war-torn Central America and Afghanistan .	0
what is reagan known for	Reagan also promoted new technologies such as missile defense systems in order to confront the Soviets and their allies .	0
what is reagan known for	In diplomacy , Reagan forged a strong alliance with UK Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , and he met with Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev four times , aiming to shrink the superpowers ' nuclear arsenals .	0
what is reagan known for	Reagan 's presidency has been termed the `` Reagan Revolution '' , or the Age of Reagan in recognition of the political realignment both within and beyond the U.S. in favor of his brand of conservatism and his faith in free markets .	0
what is reagan known for	The Reagan administration worked toward the collapse of Soviet Communism , and it did collapse just as he left office .	0
what is reagan known for	Victory in the Cold War led to a unipolar world with the U.S. as the world 's sole superpower .	1
what is reagan known for	While the damaging Iran-Contra affair engulfed several Reagan aides during his second term , Reagan himself left office with a 63 percent approval rating , one of the higher approval ratings of departing presidents .	0
what is reagan known for	After years of unstinting praise from the right , and unrelenting criticism from the left , historian David Henry finds that by 2009 a consensus had emerged among scholars that Reagan revived conservatism and turned the nation to the right by demonstrating a `` pragmatic conservatism '' that promoted ideology within the constraints imposed by the divided political system .	0
what is reagan known for	Furthermore , says Henry , the consensus viewpoint agrees that he revived faith in the presidency and American self-confidence , and contributed critically to ending the Cold War .	1
